---
type: DailyNote
title: May 15, 2024
date: '2024-05-15'
tags: []
---

- Misc

    - Meera / Jay

        - Connecting (my aunt Meera in Hyderabad) and (my friend Jay - classmate from FIITJEE Hyderabad)
        
        Meera recently worked with a US visa agent in Hyderabad who successfully helped with her visa appointment and application. In fact, she is currently on her return flight from the US to Hyderabad!
        
        Jay's parents live in Hyderabad and looking for an agent who can help with their visa appointment and application.
        

    - A and S

        - Led a team / Succeeded



        		 - Worked cross-functionally 



        		 - Challenging situation



        		 - Few resources



        		 - Ambiguous situation



        		 - Difficult person



        		 - Disagreement

        - Fai



    - Ads delivery learning

        - 

- 1-1 w [[../Pages/Alyssa Hubbard]] for [[../Pages/Mentorcruise]]

    - Agenda

        - Intros

        - Resume

    - Interviews so far

        - Meta - final round

            - Product Sense - not sure if did well

            - Analytical thinking - thinks she did well

        - Recruiter calls in pipeline - Notion, Ramp, etc.

    - Qs

        - Project you're proud of

            - Hook: 20s

                - Good

            - Context: 0:20 - 1:50

                - Tasks

                - Important because of triage

                - Dec 1 deadline for renewals few months away and revenue at risk

                - I led XFN team with PMs, Eng, etc.

            - Action: 1:50 - 2:50

                - Tough calls about what to keep vs. cut, as a result, retained; competitive research

            - Result: 2:50 - 4:00

                - Take a tough stance on MVP scope; can always iterate

                - Should have thought through short term vs. long term impact

        - Conflict / disagreement

            - Hook: 

            - Context: 0:30 - 1:40

                - Colleague requested to change underlying infra to improve his dev process

                - WHO is the stakeholder?

                - Infra was better set up for other stakeholders

            - Action: 1:40 - 2:40

                - Dug into infra migration and gathered data on cost etc.

                - Talked through short term vs. long term plans

            - Result: Missing

    - 

- 1-1 w [[../Pages/Hava Ungar]]

    - Define clear outcome goals for diet and exercise


