---
type: DailyNote
title: March 18, 2024
date: '2024-03-18'
tags: []
---

- Misc

    - Meera

        Hi Meera attha! Chinna uncle and Kavita aunty are visiting San Francisco May 6 - 12. They will be staying with us for a few days and then we are all planning to go on a short vacation together in California. 

        Rukma and I would love for you also to visit around that time! You can visit for around two weeks from May 6 - 19 for example. I will sponsor the tickets for you and Krishna uncle, so don't worry about the money. What do you think? 

        (I know you are also interested in a longer trip to the US where you will visit many other people, but you can always plan a separate trip for that later).

    - Saudia

    - VFS refund

        netherlands.usa@vfshelpline.com

        Hi, I would like to request a refund for my application. It was not processed because I already had a valid visa. Please see the attached appointment confirmation and applicaiton. Thank you!

- Signals status

    - Opt-in: signals work completed; ranking work in progress

    - ATT opt-out: signals work in progress; ranking work blocked until signals work completed

    - OBA opt-out: out of scope 

- Call w [[../Pages/Bryan Ghiossi]] for [[../Pages/Physical therapy]]

    - Discuss [[../Pages/Elbow tendon pain]]

        - It's probably the biceps tendon, but could also be the brachialis muscle

        - Build tolerance of tendon with isometric bicep curl hold; 3 sets x 30-60s hold

        - Exercises

            - Bicep curl isometric, 3 x 30-60s (to failure)

            - Weighted elbow rotation, 3 x 10-20 (to failure)

        - Check in again via message after few weeks

        - 

