---
type: DailyNote
title: February 28, 2024
date: '2024-02-28'
tags: []
---

- Misc

    - Annie

        It's all the rows that list NBDT in column G "1PD signals". I see NBDT mentioned in rows 4, 6, 8, 10, etc.

    - Wheel works

        Retail Invoice: 207777

    - Mom

        MOM: Sometimes I wonder about myself and the outrage I am feeling and translating into setting boundaries with my mother. Would I have been so rigid / angry if she still had power to bequeath me some money / property ? Would an aspiration / desire to get that modulated my response to her ?Troubling questions.

        ME: I know it's tough, but I think it's great that you're attempting to work through these difficult feelings. It's completely normal to have these feelings, and these are some good questions for you to reflect on. Here are a few things that might help you process these feelings:

        (1) Journaling: set aside 15 mins a day to write in your private journal and put your stream of consciousness thoughts onto the page. This really helps clarify and reflect your feelings and thoughts. Some more tips linked [A].

        (2) Work with a therapist: both Rukma and I get a lot of value from working with therapists who help us process and reflect on our emotions, thoughts, and behaviors. Think of it as journaling with a thoughtful partner once a week. 

        (3) Continue talking to me: I'm happy to provide a supporting and judgement-free space for you to explore in conversation with me. Consider also talking to Rukma, because she has worked through  a similar situation herself and has found some good strategies for that work for her. 

        [A] [https://podcastnotes.org/huberman-lab/a-science-supported-journaling-protocol-to-improve-mental-physical-health-huberman-lab/](https://podcastnotes.org/huberman-lab/a-science-supported-journaling-protocol-to-improve-mental-physical-health-huberman-lab/)

- 1-1 w [[../Pages/Marvin Kim]]

    - Feedback from 2023 - overall

        - Capacity - EE; I'm sought out by other people in the org

        - Execution - EE; OBA stuff significantly put me over

        - Strategy - EE; unutilized was called out as an exceeds because it got BIS

    - Calibration + promo process 

        - This is the process for year-end and mid-year promo case; mid-year non-promo case is much simpler

        - Ours is limited to Bocking > Kras + Tak; managers in those orgs; they have limited context on my work, so packets are mostly taken at face value

    - What's most helpful

        - Support from senior stakeholders: prioritize L7+; get 3-5 strong supporters

        - What do XFNs want? Actually lead the workstream; lead reviews; have good presence and navigation; they want SGRAI PMs to be in more control vs. other PMs

    - My key stakeholders

        - Sagar - blanket statement that I'm operating at IC6

        - Zhen - 

        - Yuhui - 

        - Maxime - 

        - Steven K -

        - Prateek - 

        - Tosh

    - Strengths

        - Depth: I have a lot of technical depth and understanding

    - Development areas

        - Dealing with ambiguity; work around it if possible, or implement speed

        - Greater speed - build relationships with the right people to get answers quickly; e.g. what's the iRev opportunity; put reviews on the calendar as a forcing function; this helps with the ambiguity problem as well

    - Marvin's goals

        - Manager capacity - team health, pulse, etc.

        - IC work - Opening up new areas for the org - expanding territory type of stuff



- [[../Pages/Journal]]

    - What am I grateful for today?

        - Having an amazing and supportive manager in Marvin
        ​

        - Having an amazing work life situation thayblets me chill and also grow
        ​

        - Having an amazing bhalucat who celebrates all my successes with me

    - [[../Pages/Therapy]] journal

        - [[../Pages/Procrastination]] on my two main work projects this morning. Felt a lot of resistance to getting started. 

        - [[../Pages/OCPD]] Got frustrated that rukma left the kitchen very messy after cooking today. But was able to be very chill about it. 

