---
type: DailyNote
title: February 26, 2024
date: '2024-02-26'
tags: []
---

- Misc

    - Ashok - lifting

        If you're looking at it as a form of strength training / exercise, then I think powerlifting is better for most people, because powerlifting builds pure strength whereas weightlifting also focuses a lot on speed and skill.

        If you're looking at it as a sport, then it's a subjective comparison (like triathlon vs. marathon, wrestling vs. MMA, etc.), but I prefer weightlifting because I find it more elegant and skillful than powerlifting: in weightlifting you always lift the barbell from the floor to a full overhead position, which means the range of motion is about 6 feet+, whereas is in powerlifting the range of motion is usually just 1-2 feet. 

        Also, weightlifting is one of the few sports where India won multiple Olympic medals, which is another reason I am interested in it!

    - Meal template

        Breakfast 8:30am, 200c 35p

        Lunch 12:30p, 350c 35p

        Snack 5pm, 150c 15p

        Dinner 7pm, 650c 40p

    - 

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Austin Zhao]]

    - Intro Austin

        - With Meta for 8 yrs; AI4Ads team; focus on SOTA tech; focus on tokenization (conversion of embedding to tokens); focus on RecGPT project - sequence modeling on top of all features 

        - Now partnering w Zhirong + SG team on this Semantic Ranking

    - Semantic ranking

        - Co-training ranking model with content model

            - Normally we build content model separately to generate embedding which is input to the ranking model

            - But now, we train the models together, so we get a better embedding.

        - In SR we want to better utilize content from SG for ranking

        - Technologies

            - Co-training

            - Sequence modeling

    - Featurization framework

        - How to convert raw text to features

            - Use LLMs

            - Using in-house content models like X-Ray, Post-Ray, etc.

            - Additional embedding techniqu

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Yiqun Liu]]

    - Intro Yiqun

        - Worked on ATOM w Zhirong from last year; using text info from ads and user engaged ads to make generic ad representation and user interest learning

    - Feature side: Several options to use text data

        - Pre-trained LLMs: LLAMA, etc. and fine-tune on ad engagement signals

            - Input: list of raw strings 

            - Output: ad embedding

            - Last year we focused on fine-tuning existing LLMs; challenge is that the models are very big; we're embedding this model into the ranking model; low ROI, high cost of fine tuning; even the forward pass is too expensive; this is more like co-training

        - Tokenization: given a content representation, we tokenize it into a list of IDs; 

            - Input:

            - Output: ID list

            - Tokenization is the focus for now; we can use pre-trained model to get a list of IDs; this performs well for ranking.

    - Where to use these models? Ranking vs. early stage vs. etc.

        - Last year we focused on **ranking** model; OC model has good gains compared to CTR models, because OC models has more sparse signals. Also because OC model has longer attribution window 

        - Also want to focus on **early stage** retrieval model; this will improve the recall. 

        - We want to add a new sourcer: content based sourcer. But retrieval team is opposed to this because they want to control the sources. We need QRT first to measure the impact.

    - Modeling

        - Each ad has features that we generated + info like timestamp, dwell time, etc. And user also has list of event history for ads as well as organic

        - Given all these different inputs, we want to build a model to better utilize these features

- [[../Pages/Journal]]

    - What am I grateful for today?

        - Having a great weightlifting coach and community at villain barbell. 
        

        - Having amazingly smart people that I work with at meta. 
        

    - [[../Pages/Therapy]] journal

        - [[../Pages/OCPD]] Got frustrated that rukma didn't do the dishes. Thought it was wrong. But it's not a big deal. 

        - [[../Pages/Procrastination]] on work Projects due to feeling overwhelmed. 

