---
type: DailyNote
title: May 22, 2024
date: '2024-05-22'
tags: []
---

- Misc

    - [[../Pages/Alexander Dmitryukov]] from [[../Pages/Mentorcruise]]

        - This is helpful, thank you! My understanding is that you are seeking help in identifying the right tools and models for each of the purple diamonds in your chart - is this correct? If yes, we need to first understand the inputs and outputs for each one. Can you pick one of the purple diamonds (start with a simple case like one of the OCR cases) and describe the inputs and outputs? If you could share some examples of the input data and output data that would be even more helpful. 

    - Focus

        - Walk on treadmill

        - Plan tasks

        - Work on top task

    - Notebook issues

        - text_splitter not working as expected

- 1-1 w [[../Pages/Teodor Zrinski]]

    - Started exercise

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Nima]]

    - 1PD role onboarding

    - RAG project update

        - Interested to learn more about the structured data idea

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Phil Kim]]

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Marvin Kim]]

    - Marvin updates

        - BA impact update to roadmap: needs 50-60 HC moved to BA; aligning with Charlotte + Fred on plan this week, then next week will be moving resources around

        - Opportunity for me to help? Or is it Amay's wheelhouse? 

        - This week is just war-room; Amay on PTO this week; after memorial day we move into execution mode; Amay continues with the main plan - LPA; Angela works on GA insurance plan A&D

    - PSML strategy review

        - Product review with SGI on PSML

        - Brainstormed in doc

    - Web crawling

        - Build v team across sg and rai

        - Start with ecom

    - Upstream model usage - what needs privacy review?

    - MDS doc - talked to Kash; review on Thurs then sprint on it

    - PSML strategy

- 1-1 w [[../Pages/Alex Popper]]

    - Recent trends

        - Hired a lot, needs to raise new capital

    - Raising investment for startups

        - Initial raise through YC; 1 min pitch to several investors getting lots of leads

        - Also raised through JCal launch fund

        - Now have to do it old fashioned way; reaching out individually

        - Who invests in you is also a signal about your company

    - Hellometer AI moat vs. big companies

        - Big companies are not innovation centers; they may later acquire 

        - Big cos are too big to play in small spaces that startups play in

        - Hellometer got this pushback from some VCs - Amazon is doing similar things, etc.; but Hellometer is moving way way faster

    - AI stack

        - Cameras in retail space

        - Local computer vision models on premise; not cloud

        - Track and measure guests

        - AI model is not the main focus on eng work; more focus on how to deliver insights to customers, etc.

    - Why on-prem vs. cloud

        - Latency is really important

        - Store internet connection is often not great

        - Replacing legacy hardware (inductive coil) and needs feature parity

        - Profit margin is way better with local vs. cloud

    - User interface

        - Monitor in store with targets vs. performance; manager uses it

        - Web app

        - API for ingestion

    - Analytics and insights

        - Number of customers and wait time with breakdowns

            - By pickup window

            - By location

            - By car vs. walking customer

    - Impact

        - 3% revenue uptick at top customers

        - Helps identify top performing stores vs. low performing stores and helps the low performers come up

- 1-1 w [[../Pages/Amy Durocher]]

    - Intro

        - Amy left AEP due to bad culture in March 2021; much happier at Adobe Photoshop team; but learned a lot about AI / ML from AEP

        - Amy now on Photoshop Desktop team; applied research and tech team working on new AI innovations; role is productizing new tech

        - Focus on selection tools: auto-selection, using Meta SAM; in future want to automatically detect, segment, and mask

    - My user feedback

- 1-1 w [[../Pages/Sanjay Sreekumar]]

    - Pinecone L&D interview

        - 9am interview: strategy interview went well (Oracle - foundation model vs. leveraging existing models, etc.)

        - L&D interview w VP of product: 7am interview later got rescheduled to a more rushed time; lot of focus on technical background

        - Interviewer was pretty judgemental and hostile; pushing back the entire time, digging into every little thing

        - Elad 

