---
type: DailyNote
title: February 27, 2024
date: '2024-02-27'
tags: []
---

- Coaching w [[../Pages/Teodor Zrinski]]

    - About Teodor

        - Philosophy is to hold a mirror to me; develop my own inner wiser self

        - He tries to be patient with the client and hold an open space; sometimes challenges client and follows his curiosity

    - Coaching process

        - Weekly call: Look back at the previous week's goals, then set goals for upcoming week.

        - During the week: Whatsapp check-ins

    - My high level goals

        - Consistency with following through on my goals

    - Pricing

        - Standard package: $125/month

            - 1-2 sessions per week

            - Daily Whatsapp check-ins

    - Misc

        - Rize app to track focus time

        - 12 week year template: [https://teodorzrinski.notion.site/Productivity-To-use-it-duplicate-it-052fddbbe57a4006a4cce0aa561031ac](https://teodorzrinski.notion.site/Productivity-To-use-it-duplicate-it-052fddbbe57a4006a4cce0aa561031ac)

    - My weekly goals

        - 

- [[../Pages/Semantic Ranking]] <> 3PD meeting w [[../Pages/Haisu Ma]] [[../Pages/He Hao]] [[../Pages/Maxime Boucher]] [[../Pages/Chloe Chi]]

    - Semantic ranking use case

        - Info here: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FbNRZeuQeY9Vmy2ACq4M1EMjVcG1RpihdB3Ljjkx4ZE/edit#heading=h.q1e5tugexvtp](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FbNRZeuQeY9Vmy2ACq4M1EMjVcG1RpihdB3Ljjkx4ZE/edit#heading=h.q1e5tugexvtp)

        - Want to understand if the data described can be used

    - ATT Attributed PXFN approval

        - We have approval for usage in v0 models with aggregation and cohorting

        - Can also use in teacher model or upstream models; we're trying to push for empirical DP instead of aggregation

- Misc

    - Wheel works

        Hi, I had an appointment on 2/9/24 (RESERVATION #: 187030385) regarding a slow tire leak. My rear left tire gradually goes down in tire pressure over a few weeks. But the issue was not fixed, and I am continuing to experience the same problem. I think I should at least be entitled to a refund. Thank you.




- [[../Pages/Journal]]

    - What am I grateful for today?

        - Working for Meta where I'm doing so well with amazing compensation and a manager and team that I really like!

        - Having a great couples therapist Raisa who really cares about us

        - My t group with Charlotte!

    - [[../Pages/Therapy]] journal

        - [[../Pages/OCPD]] Realized that I got really triggered at Costco last week while shopping for my birthday. This put me into a very hot state. 

        - [[../Pages/Procrastination]] Made progress on several tasks that I have been procrastinating on. My new task list is providing motivation. 

