---
type: DailyNote
title: May 27, 2024
date: '2024-05-27'
tags: []
---

- [[../Pages/Newsletter]] idea - why you should get Instagram!

    - Intro

        - You all know that I work at Meta (the company behind Facebook, Instagram, Whatsapp, etc.), but you may not know that I'm really passionate about my company's mission

    - You're already sharing your updates

        - You can follow updates from your friends and family (including me)! For me, you can get timely updates without having to wait for my newsletter.

    - Common objections and replies

        - I don't want other people to find me

            - You can set your profile to private

        - I don't want updates from random people

            - You can choose to follow only the people you care about!

        - I don't want to waste time on Instagram

            - This is legit. Just use it to follow your friends and family updates. Set up notifications for friends and family who you care about. Don't go into Reels and browse random content.

- [[../Pages/Piyush Agarwal]] podcast growth message

    - Check out this really cool series I found called "12 days of podcast growth". The entire 12-episode series is really good, but I highly recommend these two episodes which talk about the best way to open a podcast. He expands upon your key idea that each episode should open with an overarching question that the episode answers in order to hook the listeners. 
    
    
    147 | 12 Days of Podcast Growth Day #5: How to HOOK Your Listeners In
    
    148 | 12 Days of Podcast Growth Day #6: How to HOLD Your Listener's Attention
    
    https://podcast.growtheshow.com/147-12-days-of-podcast-growth-day-5-how-to-hook-your-listeners-in/ 
    
    [https://podcast.growtheshow.com/148-12-days-of-podcast-growth-day-6-how-to-hold-your-listeners-attention/](https://podcast.growtheshow.com/148-12-days-of-podcast-growth-day-6-how-to-hold-your-listeners-attention/)
    

- 

