---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-07-07
journal-end-date: 2024-07-07
journal-date: 2024-07-07
---


# Today's notes
```calendar-timeline
```
- Morning routine
	- [x] Exercise: 10 mins mobility
	- [x] Meditation: 5 mins 4-6
	- [x] Journal
	- [x] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
	- [ ] Habit tracker
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- Last day of vacation. Day of transitioning back to regular life. What do I want to take away with me when going back? The importance of having leisurely time to myself not for others. What I do here in the mornings. Do a long exercise. Listen to a nice podcast or audiobook. Sit down to meditate. Write in my journal without distractions. Engage in my own creative work like writing articles. Connect with people. What are the things I don't want to do in this time? Work on tasks and chores. Doom scroll on reddit or youtube. Keep up with all notifications. What are some ways to bring this in?
		- Quiet time routines
			- Morning routine every day. 
				- No phone until after routine. Exceptions only for audio content - from a saved playlist, not for searching new content. Yes, that's a good distinction. Separation of discovery from consumption of curated content. In the morning I can read saved Omnivore articles or listen to saved podcasts, videos or audiobooks. No NEW content or messages or anything until I finish my morning routine until journal + connect.
			- Evenings with Rukma
				- One or two evenings a week, we create phone free time for two hours. Use that time to physically put our phones away, have dinner together, then read our books - in the balcony, park, or pool area. Alternatively can also do things like playing board games.
			- Sunday sabbath
				- All day on Sunday we replicate what we did during vacation. Go on a long walk or hike. Do our morning routines with journaling. Spend a couple of hours in the afternoon reading or working on personal projects. Then do something nice in the evening like a nice dinner. Have a slot of time in the day for doing phone stuff. Like 1-2 hrs in the afternoon before dinner. Yay!
		- This is very good! I feel so energized from this routine. I like letting my mind wander and roam. What are some random ideas in my head?
			- Routines planning - wrote above
			- Using Obsidian to make a dashboard - Tracker plugin
			- Using Obsidian to integrate logs
	- [x] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- Who can I reach out to today? Pooja - haven't connected in a while. 
		- Long time
			- Pooja
		- Other: 
			- JV, Aaron, Advika
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- Personal weekly review
		- Shared tasks and weekly chores
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 
- 

# Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```