---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-09-17
journal-end-date: 2024-09-17
journal-date: 2024-09-17
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [x] Exercise
	- [x] Meditation
	- [x] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- Journal today. What's on mind? Yay, I did 30 mins cardio today. Celebrating the small wins. Also work is picking up and feeling better now that I'm starting to add value with SEAR and Catalog projects. I think I have more scope for impact over there. Probably provable with promo stuff also. What else is going on? I've become motivated to learn piano. Too bad I can't do it immediately and I need to wait for a while until I get back from India to get started. Though maybe I can start playing on my computer keyboard? Garage band does support that feature so why not use it as a starting point. No reason really not to. Although it's much less exciting than using a proper keyboard. I'm also getting back into all racket sports - tenis, table tennis, and pickleball. I think this is a really exciting time. Learning new skills gives me so much joy. I love the feeling of learning something new and getting better at it. And I'm glad that I'm now picking up a diverse range of skills rather than purely cognitive or heady skills. I think music and sports are both arenas where you have to be in your body a lot and out of your head, which is great for me. I should probably make these some key focus areas in Q2. That I want to spend time on my new hobbies in addition to the side projects. What are some goals I could make for that? Like learning how to play a piano piece - pick a particular one. Getting to a certain level of proficiency in one of the racket sports. Probably pick pickleball. Or tennis? Either works
		- Okay, next habit, let's connect with someone. I can look for updates first then conect
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- [[Focusmate]] 10am
	- GenAI doc
- 1-1 [[Leon Szeli]]
	- Intro
		- Leon founded a startup for catalog intelligence acquired by Meta that's how he joined 2 yrs ago
- 1-1 w [[Candice Mizushima]]
	- Why Anne is blocking?
		- UXR is much more regulated - lot of privacy etc. concerns
- Omnivore
- 1-1 w [[Imports/logseq-2023-04-06 sanitized for import/pages/Sagar Pilania|Sagar Pilania]]
	- Career development goals struggle
	- Impact is solid: 1PD, Data flywheel
	- Feedback is mixed
		- - Mandeepak, Kash
		- ++ IC6/M1: Prateek, Tosh, etc.
		- + IC7
- [[Music learning apps]]
	- Synthesia
		- Falling keys
		- Desktop only
	- 

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```