---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-09-26
journal-end-date: 2024-09-26
journal-date: 2024-09-26
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [ ] Meditation
	- [ ] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- VO Review w [[Imports/logseq-2023-04-06 sanitized for import/pages/Sagar Pilania|Sagar Pilania]] [[Damien Lefortier]]
	- Sagar: Translate iRev to VO segment level gains
	- Damien: After De-ID headroom measurement, any further investigation planned?
		- De-ID backtest ETA mid-to-end October
		- Yuhui: compare opt-in vs. opt-out performance for VO; compare per-user performance for VO vs. other web products
		- If headroom is large, we can prioritize mitigation opportunities
		- If headroom is small, it could be because model is not yet very personalized, so we focus on AI driven growth to improve baseline model performance; as model personalization improves, SL headroom may grow
	- Maxime: any other techniques for AI growth to improve baseline performance?
		- Work w/ nonSG not captured here: Co-training w post-click training data -in progress 
	- Fan: Is label growth limited to is_optimized fix or more broad in scope
		- Signals team - Ming - exploring broader scope; Fan to be looped in
	- Sagar: set up monthly sync for the rest of the year with this group
	- Sagar: Can we explore policy and PXFN innovations that are unique to Value (vs. purchase)?
- PXFN innovations for VO
- Work open items
	- Listed in Marvin 1-1 doc
- 1-1 w [[Shu Huang]]
	- Intro
		- She wants help with her team health / team performance
		- She wants to help organize SAIL workstream
	- Problems
		- SAIL workstreams set up is not clear - some are mature and some are early stage
		- Good progress on some areas
			- Shops
			- VO
			- DPA
			- WAMO
		- Not great progress in some other areas
			- CTX
			- App Ads
		- Shops problems
			- Understanding pain points and needs from their point of view
- 1-1 w [[Imports/logseq-2023-04-06 sanitized for import/pages/Marvin Kim|Marvin Kim]]
	- Yuhui - on Promo
		- He says he'll support if the TLs and EMs I'm working with are supportive
	- SAIL / SEAR reviews
		- Need to find the right forum for this review
		- Mon. is organized by priorities
		- VO is an example that had a lot of back-channel agreement with Kras and Fred; other areas are not like that
		- The platform play is not clear; it seems not feasible. Some other options
			- Mega-foundation model approach may be more feasible
			- Serve all objectives from a single model - model consolidation
		- The platform play is the core part of the product strategy, not the people playbook
		- Has a lot of organizational politics that are blocking this project
		- Start with a small use case that seems feasible to tackle - e.g. V&C or CTX
	- Context on AI4P
		- Sandeep trying to get HC for iRev enablement - but has been failing because the direct iRev priorities have not been committing to the iRev goals that will be enabled
	- Reframe SAIL strategy
		- What's the product we want to build?
		- Why would other priorities fund us?
		- iRev collab - direct goals vs. enablement - who takes what
- 1-1 [[Letitia Lew]]
	- Feedback on mentorship
		- Structured and logical


## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```