---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-08-05
journal-end-date: 2024-08-05
journal-date: 2024-08-05
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [ ] Meditation
	- [ ] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
	- [ ] Connect
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- 1-1 w [[Sanjay Sreekumar]]
	- General update
		- Meta analytical first round re-do
		- Metronome - cloud AI monitoring startup - interviews
- Misc
	- HQstjvig2!CVy@GRM
	- HQstjvig2!CVy@Udy
- 1-1 [[Ryan Policay]], [[Narayanan Narasimhan]], [[Sathya Chandrasekar]]
	- Intros
		- Ryan - former S&O for Reality Labs, now at Deloitte
		- Sathya - USI S&O > US S&O Seattle
		- NN - USI S&O > US S&O Bay Area; insight platforms, intelligence platform
	- Evolution of Deloitte's services
		- Earlier focus on advisory, but now focus also on implement and operate
		- Co-building and operating with Meta. E.g. managed services
		- Internal technology as well as market facing technology
	- Use cases
		- Data labeling
		- Data scraping - threat detection
		- Data engineering
	- Privacy - worked w/ Nathan Davis' org
		- Urvi may follow-up
	- Follow-up to Kamesh
		- I talked to a couple of your colleagues today - Narayanan Narasimhan and Sathya Chandrasekar. They wanted to learn about opportunities for Deloitte to get involved with projects at my org in Meta. I'd love to help them, but I struggled to understand what exactly they were looking for and how I could help them.
- Group chat for [[Pickleball]] in SM
	- Pickleballers @ 55 W 5th
	- Group for Pickleball players at 55 W 5th Ave to connect with each other and coordinate games!
	- Hey friends, I'm kicking off this group chat for Pickleballers at 55 W 5th Ave!
	- Who's in for some Pickleball tomorrow evening around 6pm at Central Park?
- 1-1 w [[Aiden Okosun]]
	- Intro
		- Google PMM for 5 yrs; considering moving to Meta
		- Focus areas
			- Growth - YouTube, Search, Maps, etc.
			- AI - external narrative, messaging
			- Commerce
		- Current role: PMM for omnichannel AI in Shopping
		- Looking for: PMM or PM roles at Meta - AI
		- Frustrated with top down culture at Google; looking for more bottom up culture
	- PMM vs. PM
		- In his org, the brand marketing team is really strong, so PMM team is more indexed on the product side
- 1-1 [[Maxwell Davis]] for [[Mentorcruise]]
	- Intro
		- Passionate about AI/ML
		- BA in finance + MBA in London; self taught tech enthusiast
		- IT system admin for 5 years
		- IT tech support / application analyst at healthcare
		- His job was automated and he was laid off in early 2024
	- IT tech support role
		- E.g. doctors unable to interact with their patients; bug with third party system that had to be fixed; had to reset the application system.
	- Goal
		- Become a technology consultant for business and personal development
		- Wants to work at IBM - got some certifications as cybersecurity analyst - but that didn't help too much
		- 



## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```