---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-10-15
journal-end-date: 2024-10-15
journal-date: 2024-10-15
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [ ] Meditation
	- [ ] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- Notes from [[dentist]] [[Srinivas Namineni]] from consult 1-2 weeks ago
	- wisdom tooth - extract only upper to start with; much easier procedure. Wait and watch lower. 
	- Gum procedure wait and watch. Go for laser assisted procedure when needed. 
- Work outreach
	- Hey NAME, hope you're doing well! I just got back from PTO today and I'm catching up on several threads from the past week. Please feel free to ping me directly if there's anything I can prioritize for you. Thank you!
- 1-1 [[Mao Ye]]
	- Now he is more engaged in web crawl workstream. Took over from Anton
	- Crawling coverage
		- Current coverage looks like 1.5% based on Mao analysis; we want 80%
	- Feature building
		- Can do sparse features now
		- Building EBF is harder - Mao working with Yuhui + Darren to unblock
- 1-1 [[Wei Wu]]
	- Discussed feedback from last review - 2 weeks ago
	- They discussed more last week
		- Business feedback - how big are the business problems and how addressible are they
		- Bundling w/ data flywheel - 
	- Next steps
		- Update doc
- 1-1 w [[Imports/logseq-2023-04-06 sanitized for import/pages/Marvin Kim|Marvin Kim]]
	- Discussed
- 1-1 [[Prateek Sharma]]
	- Going to India Thanksgiving to Christmas 
	- 1PD 
- 1-1 [[Kevin Navarrete]] [[Mentorcruise]]
	- About
		- He works in legal services
		- Wants to build call center sentiment analysis app
		- No coding skills
		- Planning to use bubble.io
	- Goal
		- Make a sentiment analysis app
		- User: call center rep
		- Listen to call in real-time and give feedback to rep on how to proceed; real time feedback on volume, pace, emotion
	- Story
		- His auditor used to listen to his calls to give him feedback on improving things like pace and volume
	- Private notes
		- He seems a little dull
- [[piano learning]] recording w [[OBS]]
	- Cam options
		- Macbook webcam - doesn't capture piano
		- Macbook webcam + iphone cam pointed at keyboard
		- Single iPhone cam - using for now



## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```