---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-09-05
journal-end-date: 2024-09-05
journal-date: 2024-09-05
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [x] Meditation
	- [ ] Journal 5-10m
	- [x] Connect: LI birthdays
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- 1-1 w [[Nick Strumpf]]
	- Managing up w/ Marvin
		- Marvin as a former IC knows just enough to be dangerous; he gets directives from Zhen and Tak
	- My voice in the room and how much agency I have
		- Remember that you are more of an expert than you think in the room
	- Feedback on flywheel
		- Nick doesn't see any big material changes
- PXFN meet w [[Damien Wint]] [[Sara Dobbins]]
	- Is this the right PXFN? MGenAI Vs. Central AI question?
	- Consent language
		- Need disclosure on downstream usage
	- From privacy perspective - OK for Sara
	- Legal
		- Usage in producing answers doesn't change anything from rights
	- Mitigations
		- Scrub PII - names
- 1-1 w [[Lakhvinder Gaba]]
	- Weekly eng sync w/ me as optional
- [[Focusmate]]
	- [x] Erica post
	- [ ] Interview update
	- [x] VO review
	- [x] Training
	- [x] 1PD napkin
- 1-1 w [[Shivank Rai]] via [[Mentorcruise]]
	- Intro Shivank
		- PM for Amazon Prime for 3 yrs
		- Prior to that Wayfair, prior to that startup in India
		- Trying to move to AI Product Management - long term
		- Short term - interview coming up at Meta
	- AI PM
		- Zero to one AI PM course
		- Wants to 



Snippets
Hey Kassy! Could you please help me add an item to the SGI Track 2 napkins list - I don't have edit access to the doc [A]

I want to add this 1PD platform napkin [B] under the "below the line section" where it says "All "Napkin" Asks below will be handled internally within Track 2 via resource re-allocation.  Only rows above are "official" Napkin asks"

[A] https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_mlBsOMOCFPWt8ZuxBv6g30BEYPnavAp8CH5CCBFyV4/edit?gid=948081358#gid=948081358

[B] https://docs.google.com/document/d/1slVwLMaWBMCpYQKLCKG2UifE6OhoshAg5ruP05TbiOw/edit#heading=h.tq56mmhd4so5

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```