---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-10-25
journal-end-date: 2024-10-25
journal-date: 2024-10-25
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [ ] Meditation
	- [ ] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- [[Art and Science of AI]] manual subscribers
	- Piyush: piyush.me@gmail.com
	- Rukma: sen.rukma@gmail.com
	- Sanjay mentee
- 1-1 [[Linfeng]]
	- Intro
		- Joined in 2022; based in Boston; joined from PhD in deep learning and graph neural networks > internship in Meta App Ads > full time Meta
		- Started in Ads Retrieval, then moved to CoreML nonSG - unattributed data modeling - Shivendra's team with Mao
		- Moved to Jiayin's team in September
	- Semantic ranking set-up
		- Data - Mao + Anton
		- Feature - Austin
		- Modeling - Linfeng
- 1-1 [[Imports/logseq-2023-04-06 sanitized for import/pages/Marvin Kim|Marvin Kim]]
	- Discussed project issues
- 1-1 [[Patrick Freyer]]
	- Intro
		- UK investment banking > SOM silver scholar > BCG > back at Yale SOM for 2nd year
		- BCG: AI projects focus - selecting internal AI tools etc.
		- Yale: get hype going about AI - Yale AI club | affiliated with Yale CS society
	- Discussed collab on Yale AI panels
	- Yale AI club
		- SOM group is more career focused
		- Understanding where does the industry stand
		- What are the next set of products that are coming out
- Setting up [[Media server]]




Hey Guang, wanted to get your thoughts on the relationship between Data Flywheel and PSML. There is lack of clarity on how those areas should be de-coupled, and many areas are overlapping (e.g. Semantic Ranking, MIDAS). 

In the thread w/ Jiayin [A] you suggested decoupling Semantic Ranking as follows:

1. new data + existing tech or new tech improvement that is necessary (Data Flywheel)
2. push tech boundary for SOTA (PSML)

But in practice it's not clear what are the boundaries between "new tech improvement that is necessary" vs. "push tech boundary". Would appreciate any guidance you can provide on this.

--
[A] https://fb.workplace.com/chat/t/8293180164135014/?mid=mid.%24gAB12mnm92GaY67dIPGSunH6G91Jk

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```