---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-09-11
journal-end-date: 2024-09-11
journal-date: 2024-09-11
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [x] Exercise
	- [x] Meditation
	- [x] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- Attended AI conference yesterday. It was really great. I got to engage back with latest happenings in AI. I should defs keep doing this at the very minimum once a year, and if I'm serious about the AI podcast stuff, probably more like once per quarter. Have some strategy for outreach during these events. Current approach is to just make casual connections and then follow up on Linkedin with the podcast request. That works decently well I think. Let's just start with this for now and take it from there. What all activities do I want to do related to this conference? One is to write a take-away post summarizing what I learned and key talks summaries. Tag all the people I met. Then also do the podcast outreach post. Also do one or two podcast episodes on the talks. After doing the article I'll have a better idea how to organize the talks.
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- Could have a better process than I currently do. Currently I'm going thru FB + Insta + LI - or social media in general - for updates and then reaching out based on that. In addition I could also have my own outreach especially to people who aren't on social media much.
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- 1-1 [[Rakshith Uppin]] on VO + SGRAI deep dive review
	- Sagar asked for review
	- Tracks 2-5
		- New products and use cases; 
- 1-1 [[Cindy Arellano]]
	- Execution status
	- Future collab - working w/ Isaac
- Catalog collab w/ [[Isaac Popoola]] [[Wenliang Gao]] [[Guang Li]]
	- Collaboration model 
		- w/ signals vs catalog directly
		- Who does feature authoring etc.?
			- Giving data directly to ranking teams is not productive, because catalog intelligence team has knowledge on how to make them ranking relevant
		- iRev goals
			- They think they can ship 0.1% iRev across ranking teams
			- Goaling on 0.05% iRev
	- What features do we have?
		- ID based feature
		- Attribute based feature
	- 


## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```