---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-08-15
journal-end-date: 2024-08-15
journal-date: 2024-08-15
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [x] Meditation
	- [ ] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [x] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
	- [x] Connect
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- 1PD execution meet w/ [[Gerardo Cantu]] [[Nima]] etc.
	- Gerardo to drive
- 1-1 [[Shuyan Li]]
	- Sizing for 1PD and SAIL
- PXFN for [[Advertiser Inbound AI]]
	- Discuss issues with recording
- SAIL leadership sync
	- Xi to drive
- 1-1 [[Teodor Zrinski]]
	- Do meditation + connect + planning
	- 
- Web Crawl for Ads Ranking: PXFN Sync w [[Praveen Sampath]] [[Shalin Sood]] [[Austin Mazella]]
- Ads  AI posts
	- Welcome post - pinned
		- Welcome to Advertiser Understanding AI Agent!
		- The goal of this project is to build an AI agent chat interface with a knowledge base of advertiser feedback from inbound conversations so that Ads product teams can interact with the AI agent to ask questions and learn about advertiser feedback and challenges.
		- More info in this doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1f-ueJMmj8YFyBfRvNVskH19p_V3EBm26A3YvjPwwxqI/edit#heading=h.jg5iqya4ob4y
		- Follow this group for updates related to Advertiser Understanding AI Agent
	- Shared posts
		- Hack: https://fb.workplace.com/100081878102067/videos/479435337855110/
		- Shared: https://fb.workplace.com/groups/930714298518532/permalink/994499238806704/
	- PXFN
		- Notes from Monetization GenAI PXFN Office Hours 8/15 with Lucky, Sara, Spandy, Lea
		- Product team proposes to use recordings of advertiser inbound interviews as a knowledge base for a Meta-internal chatbot to improve employee productivity within the Ads org.
		- PXFN team advises that we need explicit consent from advertisers for this use case. Past interviews where recordings were obtained without such explicit consent may not be used for this internal product.
		- Next steps
			- Confirm consent status of past interview recordings - Candice
			- Provide consent language to be used for future recordings - Sara + Damien
			- Clarify whether there are any additional PXFN risks and constraints (e.g. WP video subtitle tool was recently removed due to legal concerns) - Sara + Damien
	- People
		- 









## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```