---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-11-26
journal-end-date: 2024-11-26
journal-date: 2024-11-26
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [ ] Meditation
	- [ ] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- Crawling meet w/ [[Austin Mazella]] [[Jonathan Herbach]] [[Ken Ebbitt]] [[Mao Ye]] [[Carlo Rodes]]
	- What existing crawls are we approved for? This is a key question
		- For catalog advertisers - already doing content understanding and feature extraction
		- Have use cases beyond catalog - the team is a general monetization crawling team - this is covered by general advertiser terms, not catalog specific terms
	- Offline unblocking
		- Austin says based on this we may be good to go for offline. 
		- Ads side features are definitely good to go. 
		- User understanding with LLAMA is already getting unblocked by Nate / Sheela. We can extend this.
		- Key issue is what URLs we're crawling
	- Risks
		- Continuing new crawling with existing agent for ranking is a risk due to some external events; Offline usage with already existing data should not be a problem, but offline usage of new crawls is a question mark?
- SAIL leads sync w [[Xi Chen]] and [[Steven Kannan]]
	- Steve: we want to get enablement iRev for SG techniques improving the products regardless of who is doing the work; we need to decide between enablement vs. non-enablement
- 1-1 [[Imports/logseq-2023-04-06 sanitized for import/pages/Marvin Kim|Marvin Kim]] 
	- Review promo doc
	- Track 4 past 3 halves delivered 5.6% iRev - put this in context of my iRev goals
	- On impact people will probe on "what was PM's individual contributions"?
	- People often spend more time arguing over ratings vs. promos
- 1-1 [[Navaneeth - music]]
	- Questions
		- Raagas and gamakas - shankarabaranam
		- How to write mridangam / percussion parts?
		- VSTs and plugins for carnatic music
	- Sangathi - Repetition
		- Sing a sangathis with 1 cycle - then you need to sing it twice
	- VSTs
		- Ethnic world - ethnic instruments - can't play the exact gamakas
		- Swarplug - used it earlier
		- Pitch innovations
		- Kontakt library - native instruments - free
		- He doesn't use plugins - Carnatic - wants authentic sound so use original acoustic instruments




## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```