---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-07-27
journal-end-date: 2024-07-27
journal-date: 2024-07-27
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [ ] Meditation
	- [ ] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
	- [ ] Habit tracker
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- Home buying for [[Home 915-917 E 4th Ave, San Mateo, CA 94401]]
	- Mortgage characterisitcs
		- Rate
		- No pre-payment penalty
	- Mortgage lenders
		- Rocket mortgage
		- Schwab
		- Better.com
- Call w [[Better.com]] on lender on [[Home 915-917 E 4th Ave, San Mateo, CA 94401]]
	- Select rate and option
	- Submit info including proof of income and assets
	- Choose FHA vs conventional
	- Need RSU vesting details
	- Message to Risha
		- Hi Risha, my name is Nikhil Maddirala. I was referred to you by Kirsten Reilly at Compass for a home loan. We're looking to make an offer by August 1st. Could you please let me know the best way to get started with the process? Thank you!
	- Email Anthony Navarro
		- anthony@harperre.com
		- Disclosures for 915-917 E 4th Ave
		- Hi Anthony, my wife Rukma and I really enjoyed meeting you at the open house this weekend. We look forward to receiving the disclosures tomorrow so that we can start working on the offer with our real estate agent as soon as possible. Thank you very much! 



## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```