---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-10-09
journal-end-date: 2024-10-09
journal-date: 2024-10-09
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [ ] Meditation
	- [ ] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- India bank balances as on Oct 9 2024:
	- Axis NRO: 1,47,438.74
	- Kotak NRO: 94,171.83
	- Kotak NRE: 0
- Learning [[ABC notation]]
- Application for [[/r/askphilosophy]]
	- Ref: https://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/wiki/panelists
	- The flair type you are requesting (e.g. undergraduate, PhD, related field): Graduate
	- The areas of flair you are requesting, up to three (e.g. Kant, continental philosophy, logic): Logic
	- A brief explanation of your background in philosophy, including what qualifies you for the flair you requested: I have a BA in Philosophy (University of Chicago, 2011) and an MSc in Logic (University of Amsterdam, 2014)
	- One sample answer to a question posted to /r/askphilosophy for each area of flair (i.e. up to three total answers) which demonstrate your expertise and knowledge. Please link the question you are answering before giving your answer. Write/paste your answer into a modmail message, or link your answer if you have already written it and posted it. You may not answer your own question.
		- Question
			- https://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/1fz8f6c/struggling_to_understand_descartes_second/
		- Answer
			- > In his second meditation he uses the example of wax while discussing what it means to "grasp" or understand something. However, I really struggle to understand what he is saying.
			- Naive Empiricism (NE): We obtain knowledge about the world through sensory experience. We understand objects in the world through our sensory experience of seeing, hearing, touching, smelling, the object, etc.
			- Descartes argument against NE: According to NE, knowing a piece of wax 
			- Descartes' argument is that we cannot grasp the essence of wax (or any other object) through physical senses alone, because the sensory



## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```