---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-10-23
journal-end-date: 2024-10-23
journal-date: 2024-10-23
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [ ] Meditation
	- [ ] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- Meet w [[Tosh Rayadurgam]], [[Prateek Sharma]]
	- SAIL vs. AI4P-SG
- [[Focusmate]] - GenAI doc
- 1-1 [[Xi Chen]]
	- Roadmap docs collection
	- Follow-up on 
- Meet w SG Track 2 leads [[Kassy Coan]] [[German C]]
	- Overall Track 2 leads are very excited 
	- Lois + German: Follow-up on browser collaboration - SGP Track 2 level prioritization together with browser team for 
		- Do this faster
	- They're very excited about it - short of 0.1% 
	- Stakeholders
		- Limor + Karim for browser; else go back to Mohan
- 1PD meet w [[Prateek Sharma]] [[Luke Englund]]
	- Projects - CDP work
- Advertiser AI meeting w [[Krassimir Karamfilov]] [[Janice Jung]] [[Imports/logseq-2023-04-06 sanitized for import/pages/Sagar Pilania|Sagar Pilania]] [[Varun Aggarwal]] [[Anne Kroeger]] [[Hannah Furnas]] 
	- Meeting notes
		- Janice. Output quality: when will the AI stop talking and maybe hand-off to human
			- If AI is pulling from 3 person study, that could be low input quality
			- These guardrails exist for external facing tools
		- Janice. Are there hard constraints about using primary source.
		- Hannah. Data distribution might impact output quality significantly. E.g. if we have lot of bugs about latency, we would over-index on that.
		- Krass: are primary sources open today?
			- Usually they are in closed groups, primarily to restrict access to sales
			- Anne: lacking context
		- Mitigation: turn-off sources if we observe risk
		- Hannah. We have 100s of researchers whose job it is to serve as a layer of helping people understand the context; layer adds protection
		- Anne. Some of the harms won't be visible to us. E.g. PMs who want to move fast may rely on the AI output without further validation with UXR/BPM.
		- Kras. Clarify the counterfactual. Today PM can already go look at this data and cherry-pick. The JTBD is not to replace deeper understanding. It's just a starting point for research. JTBD is to democratize research so that people can use it as a starting point for digging deeper. It's not the end result. Not trying to replace people. We should be able to trust our people to use the tools responsibly.
		- Kras. Can we expand use cases to different personas
			- Product teams: democratizing access to studies for use as a starting point to dig deeper
			- UXR and BPM personas: Use cases for UXR / BPM researchers to do their jobs faster
		- Janice. We need to better clarify use cases and JTBD.
		- Curtis needs to review our compliance with FTC safeguards and what's in scope. UXR is flagged here. BPM is not flagged, but may be a grey area still.
	- Next steps
		- To unblock alpha testing for ~25 people ASAP:
			- UXR team will help us understand hard constraints around FTC compliance and scope
			- Product team will ensure these hard constraints are being met
		- To unblock beta and GA plans for 2025:
			- Product team to further clarify JTBD and use cases (including user personas across Eng, PM, BPM, and UXR)
			- Deep-dive discussion and alignment on quality guardrails
	- Meeting notes
		- Quality guardrails
			- Guardrail for AI to "stop talking" when there is insufficient source data to answer the user's question. Important guardrail for UXR, especially for primary sources. 
			- Caveating information to control for quality - sample size, etc.
		- Use cases and JTBD
	- Follow-ups
		- Thanks everyone for the discussion today! Please review the next steps and meeting notes I've captured here. 
- [[Art and Science of AI]] podcast support
	- Write
- 1-1 [[Jiayin Ge]]
	- Jiayin in MPK / Sunnyvale
		- Nov 7 - 8 in Sunnyvale
		- Mon - Weds in MPK
	- Semantic Ranking summit
	- Tech lead set up
		- Current team: 
			- Mao - data and feature
			- Austin - 
			- Linfeng - collaborates well with 
			- Anton - 
			- Hayden
		- Original set-up: Wenhan TL + Austin technology POC; then Wenhan left, and we don't have tech lead
		- Friction between Mao / Austin; if Mao is not looping Austin, flag to Jiayin
	- PSML / Data flywheel interaction
		- Data track > data flywheel
		- Modeling > PSML
		- This is impacting not just Semantic Ranking, but also MIDAS and FuSG
		- Check w/ Yuhui
	- Semantic Ranking challenges
		- Long time on exploration of techniques; have identified some directions
		- 




SG T2 <> 1PD Ads Data Use opportunities

Following up on today's review [A], we wanted to create a "global view" of iRev opportunities and ROI together with Conversion Experiences team (Limor/Karim). What all workstreams do we want to include in scope of that "global view"?

[A] https://fb.workplace.com/groups/signal.growth.track2.xfn/permalink/2712944858906623/


## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```