---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-08-20
journal-end-date: 2024-08-20
journal-date: 2024-08-20
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [x] Exercise: 30 mins easy strength
	- [x] Meditation: 5 min 4-6
	- [x] Journal 5-10m
	- [x] Connect
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- Journaled after a while today. Did exercise - strength training after a while today. What helped me break through was picking an easier program. I think I can always come back to easy strength when I'm not feeling like exercising. I really like this program. I think it certainly can't hurt. Maybe I won't make as much progress as with a better progression, but it's certainly a lot better than doing nothing. Maybe I need a better program for inconsistent training. Like easy strength but with some bit more progression and variation. I can play around and figure it out. Perhaps some version of easy strength combined with GG program from GZCL. They use autoregulation too. To start with I can just start incorporating rep maxes into my ES routine. In the second set, instead of 5 reps, do as many as possible, and try to increase that in the next workout. This way every day is full body strength, but I only max out one single exercise each time. I could also try to max out two exercises like one lower one upper, but let me start with this first and see how it goes. After all I just got back into training after a while. What exercise can I do while traveling? There are two options. One is if I have a travel gym, then I can just do easy strength. If I don't have a travel gym then I can do some combination of burpees and core strength. I can do McGill big three, deadbugs, and burpees for 10 mins. That would be an excellent 20 mins routine to do. What else on my mind? I feel really good as I always do when I get back into strength training and routine in general. Yay!
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- Who can I connect with today? Let's go through this first before getting to my tasks. I can do the scroll wheel thing. Or I can do something else. What else would I do.
		- Alamuru
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- Work: progress on data strat doc
		- Side: publish podcast and mentorcruise update
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- 1-1 [[Anne Kroeger]]
	- Intro Anne
		- In ads for 5 years at Meta; started in R&P then CAG as UXR manager
		- UXR VP Curtis saw Candice post and wanted UXR to be involved
	- UXR vs. BPM
		- BPM is more focused on market / sales / etc.
		- UXR does more deep dive on user feedback
		- UXR examples
			- Budget pooling study; focus on budget deciders and people setting up campaigns in ads manager
	- UXR org expectations
		- Her leadership wants UXR org to be driving this
		- Her org also has MGenAI in scope
	- Follow-ups
		- Anne shared with Sagar UXR research process - to share w/me
		- KB of past research with agreements
- [[Focusmate]] 
	- Prioritize task list
	- Buy [[Pickleball paddles]]
		- Cheap Temu paddle
			- + Good upgrade and decent starter paddle
			- + Probably want 4 paddles ultimately anyway
			- - Hard to progress in the game because I won't know what kind of paddle to buy next
		- Neonic Flow
			- + Likely to last me a long time as I progress
			- - May not have as good control as Vatic, which I may need in earlier stages
			- 
		- Vatic Prism Flash
			- + Great for control
			- - Might have to further upgrade down the line for better spin / control
- 1-1 [[Qingchao Meng]]
	- Intro
		- Background in hedge funds - quant analyst to MLE
		- Predicting various indicators for hedge funds - e.g. abs returns and relative returns of stock


## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```