---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-07-14
journal-end-date: 2024-07-14
journal-date: 2024-07-14
---


# Today's notes
```calendar-timeline
```
- Morning routine
	- [x] Exercise: 10m mobility (+ possibly pickleball later)
	- [x] Meditation: 5m 4-6
	- [x] Journal
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
	- [ ] Habit tracker
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- Doing the new Sunday routine today, yay! Have a lazy morning. Get up late. No vyvanse. Do a light exercise like stretching or yoga. Today I did molding mobility for 10 mins at 15 reps. Can increase to 20 reps then 25 then 30 over time. 
		- Then had a nice shower with neti pot rinse. Then meditated for 5 mins and now sat down with a nice cup of coffee to journal!
		- Yesterday we had Moni, Raina, and Malu over for dinner to celebrate Moni's birthday early. We were playing this would you rather game and we had to decide whether to go ten years back in time or ten years forward in time. I realized that I'm currently at the peak of my life. My life overall is better than it's ever been. Holistically, in terms of relationships, work, health, and personal satisfaction. There's not time that's been better for me. That was a really nice feeling and realization! Touch wood that if this is the peak then things don't go downhill from here, but I'm sure they wont!
		- I also played pickleball for the first time yesterday and had a ton of fun. It reminds me of when I first got into weightlifting. I think I should celebrate that I keep finding new things to keep me engaged and interested rather than bemoaning that I'm not able to stick with something else. I definitely see myself playing more pickleball in future. Let me start with playing occasionally with Eddie in the park. Then I'll also look for some pickleball meetup groups near San Mateo to find more people to play with. I think it's also a good way to meet some local people in the community, yay!
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- Who have I not reached out to in some time? Where did I start this cycle two weeks ago? It was with Vivek. Have I rotated through everyone? I could touch base with Rohan and Sahil. Yeah, that's a good one. Let me start there.
	- Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- Sunday routine! Do some tasks just before pickleball and evening stuff.
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 
- 

# Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```