---
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-07-06
journal-end-date: 2024-07-06
journal-date: 2024-07-06
---

# Today's notes
```calendar-timeline
```
- [[Daily journal]] #daily-journal
	- Morning routine
		- [x] Exercise: 1 hr zone 2
		- [x] Meditation: 5 min 4-6
		- [x] Journal
		- [x] Connect
		- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Macrofactor plan
		- [ ] Habit tracker
	- Reflect: What's on my mind?
		- Reflected on yesterday! Maybe add this to the template?
		- Did a long zone 2 exercise this morning. Felt my knees paining so I lowered the speed and increased the incline. Maybe it's just that I'm trying to do too much too fast. I wasn't doing any walking and I suddenly upped it to 1 hr sessions plus I did squats during the week, so it's a bit of an overload. I need to find some way to go easy on my knees. One thing is that strength training will help, but other than that? Easing into the walking or running. Also switching to lower impact cardio like rucking and incline walking. Rucking I can do at home too.
		- Watched some fun videos about Stormlight theories while doing the exercise, that was fun! Excited to get into Mistborn again, but not sure if I want to re-read the entire alloy of law or skim through it or get a summary. Hmm... I wonder which to choose.
		- What else on my mind? I was playing around with some automations for getting more data into an Obsidian dashboard from Apple Health. It seems like a fun idea. I'm getting into this concept of owning my own data and having it in a portable format that I control and can do what I want with. Automated dashboards is also a good idea, because it removes the effort 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- Who do I want to reach out to today? What are some names that come to mind? Kamesh. Connected w Kamesh.
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- Didn't set priorities - consider it as just having fun
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- Limit alcohol to 6pm - 10pm
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- Wrote a Substack article for Kamesh!
		- Limiting alcohol was a good idea! Can keep doing this as a general rule for vacations.
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- Can't think of anything at all.


# Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```