---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-07-21
journal-end-date: 2024-07-21
journal-date: 2024-07-21
---


# Today's notes
```calendar-timeline
```
- Morning routine
	- [x] Exercise
	- [x] Meditation
	- [x] Journal 5-10m
	- [x] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
	- [ ] Habit tracker
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- Hey! Today was good so far. Started my morning with light exercise - stretching. Didn't do more because I had to get to the podcast meeting with Piyush. But that was fine. Decided to do GTG in a more structured way going forward with squats for lower body day and pullups for upper body day. What about the days when I'm doing neither? Rule is do whichever I'm not doing the next day. Or I can find a third thing, like grip training. Grip training is not ideal for GTG though. I think the approach I have right now is perfect. So today if I do it it should be pullups, because tomorrow is lower body. Pullups are also always easier to do because it's inside the house. There were some techniques for this - one is every time I use the bathroom. Other is to utilize the 5 mins breaks between focus sessions and meetings. I think some combination of the two can work well. Bathroom thing can be a failsafe. 
		- Yesterday I didn't do the connect and the daily planning. Though I did do the meditation. I think that's okay. Especially not planning on weekends is totally fine. Doing connect I still think is helpful even for weekends. That one I want to keep doing. Why do I find it difficult? I may be running through my lists of people. Other thing is that I do want to move beyond texting to calling people, but this is not in conflict with the original approach. The calling can be a added bonus.
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- Who do I want to reach out to? 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 
- 



# Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```