---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-07-29
journal-end-date: 2024-07-29
journal-date: 2024-07-29
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [x] Exercise: 30m upper
	- [x] Meditation: 5m 4-6
	- [x] Journal 5-10m
	- [x] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
	- [x] Macrofactor plan
	- [ ] Habit tracker
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- Writing in my journal. What's top of mind? The home purchase idea ate up most of our weekend. I think it's good and interesting to think this through. Maybe a bit annoying to have to make important decision on a crunched timeline, but not too bad. I generally have an aversion to making big decisions and keep going back and forth and unwilling to commit. I should take Rukma's help in this to be better. On this particular one, I think we're feeling good about offering up to a certain price. Need to make a model of the costs involved. Then will have to decide how much we can offer based on that. One hiccup that came up is the rental in our current apartment which will be hard to leave. Let me try to navigate the issue of how to go through this purchase without that glitch. One ideal scenario for me would be that I can start it off as an investment property and then switch to primary home once my lease expires. Or if I can start as primary home and just defer moving in until I have the lease figured out. This way I get the best of both worlds - I can continue to enjoy this apartment for another 1-2 years and then we also have the security of a place that we can move into when the rent gets too high. That would actually be the ideal outcome but I need to figure out how to make that happen.
		- What else? I did drink a bit too much last weekend - especially with Aaron and Advika. Drank those beers way too quick and did a bad job of pacing and/or using the breathalyzer. Need to improve at that still. Okay, that's my 5 min up now! 
		- Am I typically doing the connect later or before? Maybe do it first. I think I did it organically over the weekend to get advice on issues for my housing search.
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- Should be some easy default option to make this happen!
		- Vivek!
	- [x] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- Mentorcruise update
		- Formalize home project
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- 1-1 w [[Imports/logseq-2023-04-06 sanitized for import/pages/Marvin Kim|Marvin Kim]]
	- Ran SF marathon 4.20 - his PR is around 4h10m but SF is hilly!
- Ranking Features PM update
	- Hey Nick Angela - Could you please review and edit this Ranking Features PM update I drafted? Thank you! 
- [[Focusmate]]
	- [x] Daily planning
	- [x] Treadmill session
- [[Advertiser Inbound AI]] w [[Varun Aggarwal]]
	- Not much update
- 1-1 [[Teodor Zrinski]]
	- Review weekly priorities and update
- Mentorcruise update
	- Paula - continue
	- Phil - stop after Aug 8
	- Sanjay - stop after Aug 16
- Call w Tabassum
	- Verifying info
- [[Focusmate]] 2-4pm
	- [ ] Loan applications
	- [ ] Loan primary vs. investment
	- [ ] Seth spreadsheets
- Rukma missing
	- Paystub most recent
- 1-1 [[Prateek Batla]]
	- Travel
		- Airline
		- Hotel
		- Doing activities
	- Mission
		- Growth
	- Segmentation
		- Mixed idea generation and prioritization
		- Good segmentation at the end
	- Overall
		- Disconnect between what you're saying and what you're typing
		- 
- 1-1 [[Kirsten Reilly]]
	- Offer price
	- Why is assessment value so low?
	- What tasks before offer?
		- Loan pre-approval
		- Proof of funds for downpayment + closing costs
			- PDFs of account statements, redact account numbers
		- Finalized contract
		- Signed disclosures
		- Misc
			- Tour with agent - Seth
		- Buyer - broker agreement
			- We're hiring them as exclusive agents to represent for a given time period - 2-3 months
			- Fee for services - important if seller is not paying
			- Norm is 2.5% - seller accommodates usually - for buyer + seller
	- Purchase contract variables
		- Price
		- Downpayment
		- Close of escrow - number of days - standard is 21 days - we can decrease
		- Contingencies
	- Timeline
		- Day of acceptance
		- Time for contingencies - no penalty for backing out
			- Loan and appraisal contingency - need lender to waive
- 1-1 w [[Seth Reilly]]
	- Refinancing
		- Focus on break-even vs. rate being paid
	- Proforma sheet
		- Focus on cap-rate; not a tax view
	- Notes from seller agent
		- Seller inherited property then did some cosmetic improvements but didn't work on the main improvements
	- Disclosures
		- Agent visual disclosure
			- Heaters and windows installed without permits
		- Termite inspection
			- Termite damage - estimated 28k - need fumigation before move-in
			- Need to evaluate how much was done vs. not; make plan for short term vs. long term issues
		- Property inspection
			- Roof
				- Tar and gravel portion is end of life
			- Heating
				- Unit needs replacement
		- Work completed in preparation for sale document - to be uploaded
		- 



## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```