---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-07-09
journal-end-date: 2024-07-09
journal-date: 2024-07-09
---


# Today's notes
```calendar-timeline
```
- Morning routine
	- [x] Exercise: 30 min upper
	- [x] Meditation: 5 min 4-6
	- [x] Journal
	- [x] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
	- [ ] Habit tracker
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- Didn't sleep too well last night. Slept around 11 and woke up around 5:30. That's like 6 hours of sleep. I wonder if this is being tracked well by my Apple Watch? Let me see quickly. Not at all. It's showing that I slept for almost 9 hours. It includes one hour I spent in bed before sleeping while reading or being on my phone. It also includes one hour or more I spent in the morning after waking up and put my phone on charge. Not sure how to fix this really. Okay, looks like one option to fix this is to use the Autosleep app. Anyway, shouldn't get distracted from Journaling to check these things. I can just jot a quick todo if a thought comes up while journaling, that's a better practice. That way I won't be too distracted.
		- What else on my mind? Exercise picking up and going decently! I see my progress in some areas. Especially the T3 lateral raise seems to be doing well. Should I wait till I hit 25 reps on the last set before raising the weight? I did hit 20 today. I think it can't hurt to try to get to 25. Compound lifts not really going up much tho. What I need to do? Start drinking more creatine and protein every day! Get my diet in check and focus on bulking a bit. Do some basic calorie tracking, even if approximate. I got distracted again with calorie tracking and went to track in Macrofactor then make myself a protein shake, lol! That can be a subsequent step in habits after journaling, not during!
	- [x] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- Try Neil!
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- Work: plan for PSML strategy + goal alignment meet set-up
		- Side: publish podcast
		- Personal: iPhone upgrade
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- Assign goals to focusmate blocks
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- Completed the work tasks!
		- Had a good evening w Rukma and Malu
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- Didn't prioritize publishing podcast
		- Got very distracted in the evening with GraphRAG stuff - need to set that up as a proper project and spend time on it. I think it should be tied to content creation. 
- [[Focusmate]] - work priority - PSML goals
	- [x] Goal alignment meetings
	- [x] Web crawl bi-weekly update
- Referral for [[Simone Ferber]]
	- (1) https://www.metacareers.com/v2/jobs/395475519512340/
	- (2) simoneferber96@gmail.com
	- (3) I attached my resume
	- (4) Maybe something like this:
	- Simone Ferber is a strong fit for the People Development Program Manager, Onboarding role at Meta due to extensive experience managing and hosting new hire orientation programs, ensuring new employees are seamlessly integrated into the company culture. Her ability to design and execute innovative onboarding solutions in collaboration with cross-functional teams has consistently enhanced new hire engagement and preparedness. Additionally, her strong analytical skills and proactive approach to updating content ensure that onboarding programs remain relevant, engaging, and effective.
- 1-1 w [[Tanmay Zargar]]
	- PSML strategy
		- Articulate why this is important
	- Next meeting focus:
		- Org structure misalignment
- Interview [[PayPal]] w [[Scott Hamilton]] on Technical Background
	- About interview
		- Focus on example project and discuss architecture and how we collab
	- About Scott
		- Enterprise architecture team; joined 1 yr ago
		- Scott is lead architect for this AI experiences team
	- Qs
	- Hypothetical exercise
		- Context
			- Lending library - no tech
			- Hiring more SMEs to translate user problems into suggested resources
			- Want to build software to optimize this
			- Also want to build a coffee shop experience
		- WHY?
			- Productivity / efficiency
				- 
			- Growth
		- WHO?
		- WHAT?
			- Enabling users to search online
			- Online checkout
			- Return
			- Mail order service
		- Online search
	- AI checkout team vision
		- Product vision: make paypal relevant again; currently depends on "branded checkout" where users click the Paypal button
		- Merchants: get higher transactions
		- Consumer: help them find more products
		- How?
			- Paypal has data on spending habits and purchases across multiple merchants
			- I raised concern about data sharing
		- Architecture perspective
			- Paypal has an old on-prem architecture that's not going to scale; need to re-architect
			- Starting to migrate some stuff to public cloud like GCP
			- 
- 1-1 w [[Gerardo Cantu]]
	- Pixel-less LPV: 
		- new signal on 1PD platform to optimize for no-bounce / dwell-time; flowing to different places
		- 0.21% iRev for next year
		- PM: Balaji from CDP team
	- WAMO
		- Whatsapp monetization 
	- Fred Leach strategy
		- What's our strategy to ensure we're meeting LRP projections
- Follow up w [[Stratechery]] on podcast feeds
	- Hi Daman, you asked me to email you to follow up on [this Twitter thread](https://x.com/damanr/status/1808594363628540066). Just wanted to re-iterate some issues I'm facing with YouTube Music (YTM) and Spotify: 
	  
	  (1) YTM feed doesn't refresh properly, e.g. latest Sharp Tech episode it shows me is from Jun 20 even though I can see more recent episodes on Spotify.
	  
	  (2) YTM doesn't show episode descriptions which I can see in Spotify.
	  
	  (3) Spotify feed for Sharp Tech combines both previews and full episodes.
- 1-1 w [[Jay Agrawal]]
	- Talked about [[AI Dilemma - race to intimacy]] with hardware devices like [[Rewind Limitless AI]]
- Playing with [[graphrag]]
	- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7Puiilv5Tw
		- use simple python library
	- 



# Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```