---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-11-21
journal-end-date: 2024-11-21
journal-date: 2024-11-21
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [ ] Meditation
	- [ ] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- Meet with [[Praveen Sampath]] [[Ken Ebbitt]]
	- Ken providing high level feedback on the doc
	- Why does Phase 1 need MDS?
		- Catalog crawler currently cannot be used
- 1-1 [[Parish Aggarwal]]
	- He connected w/ Sha yesterday and has updates
	- New areas and relationships
		- Areas need more work to build higher level relationships: App Ads and Lead Gen
		- Parish and I can divide and conquer on the new areas
	- Overall strategy - Q1
		- Need to first form the partner relationships and expand to AI + Infra
	- Steerco - 24 Q4
		- Current status and vision for AI4P
		- I can work w/ Parish on SG components of this
	- Cadence of meetings and canonical
		- Regular cadence will start after steerco
		- Chandan filling in and hiring a TPM to fill-in
		- Parish is having ad-hoc syncs - he will loop me in
	- Tactical next steps
		- Pitch into steerco doc on SG sections
		- Lead Gen + App Ads relationships
- Researching [[I-751 Petition to Remove Conditions on Residence]] - travel options
	- Countries with e-visa
		- No go; No e-visa for Indians
		- Some potential options suggested by chatgpt
			- Costa Rica
			- Panama
			- Dominican Republic
			- Mexico
	- Countries with visa free entry for GC holders
		- North America:
			- Canada: Visa-free entry for up to 6 months.
			- Mexico: Visa-free entry for up to 180 days.
		- Central America:
			- Belize: Visa-free entry for up to 30 days.
			- Costa Rica: Visa-free entry for up to 30 days.
			- Guatemala: Visa-free entry for up to 90 days.
			- Honduras: Visa-free entry for up to 90 days.
			- Nicaragua: Visa-free entry for up to 90 days.
			- Panama: Visa-free entry for up to 30 days.
		- Caribbean:
			- Bahamas: Visa-free entry for up to 30 days.
			- Bermuda: Visa-free entry for up to 6 months.
			- Dominican Republic: Visa-free entry for up to 30 days.
			- Jamaica: Visa-free entry for up to 30 days.
			- Aruba, Curaçao, Sint Maarten, and other Dutch Caribbean territories: Visa-free entry for up to 30 days.
			- British Virgin Islands: Visa-free entry for up to 30 days.
			- Cayman Islands: Visa-free entry for up to 30 days.
			- Turks and Caicos: Visa-free entry for up to 30 days.
		- South America:
			- Colombia: Visa-free entry for up to 90 days.
			- Peru: Visa-free entry for up to 183 days.




## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```