---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-08-26
journal-end-date: 2024-08-26
journal-date: 2024-08-26
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise: skip - pickleball today
	- [x] Meditation: 3m
	- [x] Journal 5-10m
	- [x] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
	- [ ] Connect
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- Journal for 5m today. Working in Uday's place. I'm really glad I came here early. Wish Rukma could also be here. I love spending time with friends and getting to know them better. I got to spend a lot of time with Sasha and Ria, which feels really nice. I should really prioritize this more - and I already am, why say should? Ha! Yes, it's kind of a pain moving to a new environment, new time zone, etc. and productivity takes a hit, but it's really worth it. Uday's house is also really nice. I love that there's a pool and ping pong table tennis set up in the basement. We played a bunch yesterday!
		- What else is on my mind? Productivity wise how are things going? I remember yesterday I mentioned how I'm trying to focus less on work and more on my hobbies and side projects. I think those are going quite well. Make sure to publish podcast this week. Also playing racket sports this week. Started recording practice with Rukma on the podcasts so all that is going well. Some other task oriented stuff could be going better, but hey, it's not a big deal. Will take a look and prioritize that soon!
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- Can respond to Saber.
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- [[Focusmate]] 1pm
	- [x] Ig follow-up
	- [x] Web crawl execution
	- [x] Tak career
		- Hi everyone, a gentle reminder to ensure you've completed your career development conversations for 2024-Q3 and reported the status here. I will also follow-up individually in the coming weeks with those who haven't reported. Thank you!
		  
		  [A] https://fb.workplace.com/groups/187448687409382/permalink/462820216538893/
	- [x] SAIL launch
- [[Focusmate]] 2pm
	- Podcast editing
- Rukma tasks 3pm
	- In task list
- Coaching w/ [[Teodor Zrinski]] 
- SGRAI PM sync
	- Marvin's agenda
- 1-1 [[Yves Binda]]
	- Chatbot product - conflict between dev and UX design
		- UX wants a conversational UX designer to work on this
	- Overall context
		- AI projects budget needs to be spent by end of year
		- More projects kicking off this year
		- Then next year not centralized any more - each dept gets their own budget
		- Yves wants to align on a unified design process by end of year
	- Design strategy framework
		- Wants to influence head of AI - she might be open to this
		- Need to make a stakeholder map
		- Yves reports to director of UX
- 1-1 [[Phil Kim]]
	- Future plans
	- Working on app pipeline
		- 1 call / 20 applications
		- Low succcess rate
	- Feedback from Boston Dynamics
		- Good culture fit
		- But lacking required experience
	- Other options: plan B is grad school
	- Next steps: 
		- Increasing application volume
		- Referral templates
		- Create a personal website



## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```