---
page-type: journal-daily
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-date: 2025-07-01
journal-start-date: 2025-07-01
journal-end-date: 2025-07-01
---

## Today's notes
- [[AI Alliance]]
- Call w FOA team [[Anna Ying]] [[Hongyu Liang]] etc
	- Intros
		- [[Girija Iyer]] - PM on app foundations team leading AI4P
		- [[Greg Moeck]] - Eng TL on FB / FF
		- [[Baara Hamodi]] - Eng TL on FB / FF
		- [[Rabeea Emad]] - TPM on FB / FF
	- Feedback and Q&A
		- How can other teams integrate with our products? 
			- Greg: e.g. I see X metric is down in an experiment, how do we provide understanding of what the metric is? Handoff to other agent?
			- We should map the end to end user journeys
		- We are focused on enhancing existing workflows w/ AI. But what about new workfows? E.g. empowering non-technical people to write code and run experiments
		- Can we focus on tool adoption in addition to product adoption?
		- What does FF care about? Quality vs. productivity? They have a strong steer to focus on quality. Can AI help provide more consistency in experiment results? E.g. avoiding cherry-picking, etc.
	- Next steps
		- Going back to FF leadership review in ~ 3 weeks - July 25 - we need to flesh out details
- 1-1 [[Helen Wang]]
	- Experiment review customer interview notes - will share
	- Primary user is DS + Eng
	- Customer understanding - pain points
		- Lot of manual work
		- Accuracy issues sometimes
	- Customer research process
		- Top-down - talk to DS directors
		- Bottom-up - find power users


## Today's snippets


## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```