---
page-type: journal-daily
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-date: 2025-07-02
journal-start-date: 2025-07-02
journal-end-date: 2025-07-02
---

## Today's notes
- [[AI Alliance]] meet w [[Anthony Annunziata]]
	- Reach out to Andrea - go through existing member group
	- TODOs Nikhil
		- Set up weekly sync on llama stack
		- Reach out to Andrea
			- Hi Andrea, based on your understanding of our membership data, are you able to suggest any members that might be interested in joining our llama-stack-agents group to collaborate on building AI agents with llama-stack? 
- Amit
	- Thanks Amit! Young and Omar have put some work into this which it would be great to leverage if possible. I was wondering if we could consider one of these options:
	  1) The external engagement requirement (6-month qualification) only applies to "Meta-Related Opportunity", but not to "Official Meta Speaking". I'm wondering if this would qualify for "Official Meta Speaking" in which case this requirement would not apply?
	  2) Alternatively, can we find another official speaker to lead the overall presentation and Omar+Young could then it doesn't require the external engagement registration (where the 6-month requirement kicks in), but I'm not sure how to get that classification.
- Young / Omar
	- Hey guys, I'm sorry to report that I just heard back from Amit that you guys won't be able to present. Would you guys still be interested in continuing to develop the examples even if you can't officially present them? We could find another speaker who will present your examples and give you credit / acknowledgement for the work (and the github commits would be authored by you). 
- Han Project review
	- Hey XX, Han asked me to work with you on an upcoming project review later this month where we will review all AI4E projects, and she wanted me to work with you on your project XX. I've set up a intro 1-1 to learn more about the project. Meanwhile I was wondering if you could share any docs for me to read? Thank you!
	  
	  RankAgent Integration and Enhancement - Zhipeng Pan
	  
	  AI Guided Experiment setup for experiment quality	Patrick Fitzgerald
	  
	  AI Metadata Enhancement	No	Gary Fan, Rodrigo Mendez Perez
	  
	  AI Notifications	No	Yizhou Yu 
- Coaching w [[Teodor Zrinski]] - call on how to reset
	- Make a clear goal tracker with weekly breakdown
	- Daily call? That would be okay
	- Problems I see
		- Canceling the calls
		- Make a schedule for the day
- 1-1 [[Leo Chen]]
	- Intro Leo
		- At Meta 1 yr; reliability and youth risk; came to AI4P 2 months ago; previously org lead in FinTech; Eng lead at Google Cloud, prev. Ads; MSFT
	- AI4P workstreams
		- CPP should focus on what's unique and not disruptable by AI
		- AI4E - not clear if what we're doing is radical enough - people should be like "wow!"
		- We don't want just co-pilots but we want agentic colleagues; 
	- AI4E strategy
		- Make high level narrative - we want AI colleagues - go beyond DevMate / Claude Code
		- Focus on quality of experiments
	- FF collab
		- Help drive adoption goals - They will force their teams to use
		- Provide SMEs 
- 1-1 [[Emily Horsman]]
	- Intro
		- At Meta 5 yrs; data for good - helping w/ covid data, etc.; then meta content library
	- Team
		- Miguel is going to work on evals w/ Emily
	- Evals - gold set
		- Human writes a question and gold standard answer
		- Question without answer
	- Things to improve
		- Tool use eval
		- Multi-turn conversations
		- Integration into CI/CD


## Today's snippets


## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```