---
page-type: journal-daily
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2025-04-14
journal-end-date: 2025-04-14
journal-date: 2025-04-14
---

## Today's notes
- eDP meeting
	- What's the current 0.55 threshold based on?
		- epsilon threshold has more grounding in research
		- AUC threshold does not have much grounding in external research; internal decision
	- Are we moving this threshold for everyone?
- 1-1 [[Jack Hanlon]]
	- Intro - Jack's role
		- He just started talking to PMs today
		- Image gen in Meta AI - across surfaces
		- Current flow: user writes a prompt then gets an image / video; trying to improve quality; impact on evals was lot better than impact in product
		- Eval based on extensive testing, including 1st party and 3rd party raters
		- Lot of steps in between user prompt and image model - low performance across the board
			- Request routing
			- Intent detection - edit vs. new image gen vs. etc.
			- Translation - language detection to english media gen models
				- 50% prompts are non-english
				- 20% non-english prompts have material translation errors
		- Eval is only testing the foundation model, not the entire pipeline
		- Image model needs a long prompt, but average user prompt is like 4 words
		- Our goal is not to improve the model, but just prompt expansion stuff; contextualization and preparation of search query
	- High level goals
		- AI assistant space is a winner takes most market; space will be won in the next 18 months
		- We want to be the place where people go for AI
		- Media generation is an in-road to getting people to use AI, and we can take the lead here
	- About Jack
		- At Meta for 18 months
		- Delivered AI products at Reddit - C-level for AI/ML feeds - helped openAI build chatgpt
		- Team structure
			- Vertical model owners - image, video
			- Horizontal owners - eval, latency, etc.
			- This role is horizontal system
	- Next steps
		- Talk to Jack again - send past ratings
		- Filter to 2-3 people, then pass them on to XFN convos
	- Ref
		- [[2025 PM interviews - Meta internal]]
		- 

## Today's snippets
import requests
import json

response = requests.post(
  url="https://openrouter.ai/api/v1/chat/completions",
  headers={
    "Authorization": "Bearer <OPENROUTER_API_KEY>",
    "HTTP-Referer": "<YOUR_SITE_URL>", # Optional. Site URL for rankings on openrouter.ai.
    "X-Title": "<YOUR_SITE_NAME>", # Optional. Site title for rankings on openrouter.ai.
  },
  data=json.dumps({
    "model": "openai/gpt-4o", # Optional
    "messages": [
      {
        "role": "user",
        "content": "What is the meaning of life?"
      }
    ]
  })
)



## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```