---
page-type: journal-daily
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-date: 2025-05-27
journal-start-date: 2025-05-27
journal-end-date: 2025-05-27
---

## Today's notes
- Levels update
	- Thanks for the update Greg. Do you plan to make any announcement to the overall PM community about the progress you've made so far (e.g. implementing the PID auto-downlevel process) and the next steps? We can roll this brief update into the 2025 PM level distribution update if you like. Wdyt?
	- In response to last year's PM level distribution update, we received a lot of feedback from the PM community about the imbalanced and top-heavy level distribution. To address this issue, Greg Marra is leading a workstream in PM X-Team looking at PM level distribution, the causes for the increase over time, and the changes we can make going forward. For example, PMX has recommended implementing an auto-downlevel process where PIDs are decreased one level by default when vacated for any reason (e.g. when an IC6 switches teams, the PID frees up as an IC5 PID, with an option for a VP approved exception), and this recommendation is already being implemented in several orgs. Stay tuned for more updates on this front from Greg.
- 1-1 [[Amit Sangani]]
	- Context - my involvement in AIA
	- AIA key stakeholders
	- Context from Amit
		- We started in 2023 - deeply involved with 1 Meta rep and 1 IBM rep; deeply involved for 6-8 months
		- ROI of involvement is not clear
		- Amit supports Llama and Pytorch; llamastack is becoming de-facto standard for Red Hat and IBM
		- Waiting for direction from Rob Sherman and team
		- We need to leverage in a way that benefits Meta - adoption of llamastack, etc.
	- How can I leverage community to benefit w/ Amit
		- Amit wants to do more high-value work rater than low-level community 
		- Wednesday meetings - tools and frameworks - be an evangelist for Llama stack - Amit is talking to rob sherman, etc. on ROI
		- How many AIA members can adopt llamastack next quarter
		- Key metric is production deployments
		- Within enterprise - it's a VPC product
		- Some tracking is in place - but very early in this space
		- Within AI alliance - we evangelize llamastack - do a survey and get people to reply to the survey about using it - awareness, consideration, adoption
	- Consumer side
		- Llama API is very barebones rn - not pushing and evangelizing a lot - need to catch up 
- [[AI Alliance]] steerco call w [[Dave Nielsen]] etc.
	- I asked how to tie in company objectives
		- Dave gave an answer about standard open source dual license model of community edition and business edition
- 1-1 [[Ken Ebbitt]]
	- Mark transition plans
	- Transition timeline
		- Official transition - end of June
- Update to Neta-Lee
	- Hey Neta-Lee — I had a good conversation with Charlotte on Friday, where I learned about high level ASA strategy and how it connects to annotations. However, I just got an update today that the other team I've been talking to (for the role in Jon Paris' org which I mentioned) would like to move to the offer stage, and I am withdrawing all my other applications / explorations as a result. I'm sorry it didn't work out, but I look forward to staying connected as I'll soon be a little closer to your org! :) 


## Today's snippets


## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```