---
page-type: journal-daily
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-date: 2025-06-23
journal-start-date: 2025-06-23
journal-end-date: 2025-06-23
---

## Today's notes
- [[Journal]]
	- I meditated today after a long time. It felt really good. It has a nice grounding effect on me. It was nice to take a break from all the thinking that I do all the time and engaging in thoughts or stimulations. I just focused on what I was hearing, and feeling, and seeing. I'm motivated to do this more because it feels really good and I know that it's good for me.
	- Over the past few days or at least yestereday I've been struggling with this feeling of being overwhelemed by all the things that I have to manage in life. I'm experiencing this shut down reaction that sometimes happens to me. I guess it's a bit like this fight or flight thing. When I think I'm overwhelmed with too much to handle, I tend to shut down and hole up and not do anything. I discussed some solutions with Rukma. One is that I should find a therapist. Actually at a higher level, I think the realization that Rukma helped me come to is that I need to think of this as an ongoing chronic condition that I need to manage. It's not something that I'll ever just solve once and for all and be free of the resources I need for it. The two main resources I need to rely on are therapy and coaching. Therapy for helping me work through the emotional feelings and reasons why I'm feeling stuck or overwhelemed. I've stopped therapy for quite some time now - around one year - and there really isn't any reason for that. I need to think of this as something that I'm always going to have going on. Sometimes things are going well, and sometimes things aren't. One task for me is to find a therapist and prioritize that. Another task is to work with a coach again. Whether that's Teo or someone else, but I need to reflect a bit on both and why they work vs. don't work.
- [[Focusmate]] 
	- 10-10.30
		- AIA + llama-stack update
		- ai4e gpt-4.1 task
	- 10.30-11
		- psc
- [[AI Alliance]] llama-stack meet
	- Workstream level DRIs + status updates
- [[AI Alliance]] agent meetup
	- Share my AIA repo - ask if we can make new AIA repo?
	- Ask for github repo
- 1-1 [[Saynam Bhutani]]
- 1-1 [[Mark Maisenbacher]]
	- 30-60-90 plan
	- H2 goals
	- Should we set up separate monthly 1-1 for career stuff?
- 1-1 [[Yizhou Yu]]
	- QE UI
		- QE agent
	- Deltoid UI
		- Deltoid agent


## Today's snippets


## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```