---
page-type: journal-daily
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-date: 2025-06-24
journal-start-date: 2025-06-24
journal-end-date: 2025-06-24
---

## Today's notes
- [[Journal]]
	- Meditated again today. 2nd day in a row. Felt good.
	- Read Speaker for the Dead yesterday and today. I know I should've probably slept more and instead I read, but oh my god it's such a good book. I really love it. I was crying while reading the cathartic chapter about Human and Ender signing the treaty with each other. It's so moving how much emotion Ender can evoke and how he can build relationships and trust like that. Ender in Speaker is probably one of my role models. He reminds me in some ways of Alyosha from BK, but a much more intelligent version of Alyosha and one who has gone through the pain and evil before coming out on the other side!
	- Okay, I should probably also think about planning my day. Top priority should be PSC stuff - I will dedicate one or two focus sessions to that. Then inbox stuff. Then work.
	- Today's priorities
		- PSC
		- Inbox processing
- [[PSC]] 2025-H1
- Meet w [[Michael Friesenhahn]] [[Baili Kay]] 
- 1-1 [[Yizhou Yu]]
	- Intro
		- Started in EP / DP - then moved to AI4 Analytics team - then moved back to AI4E team
		- Resources for learning about QE / Deltoid - shared on wp chat
		- Yizhou's role - focusing on Deltoid related stuff
	- Y's projects
		- ai notifications
			- Deltoid shows experiment results. People have multiple exps with mutliple goal and guardrail metrics
			- For each combination of goal and metric, people open a new deltoid page for monitoring
		- ai metrics summary
- 



## Today's snippets


## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```