---
page-type: journal-daily
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-date: 2025-07-09
journal-start-date: 2025-07-09
journal-end-date: 2025-07-09
---

## Today's notes
- EP Social Ping Pong @ MPK22
	- WP group
		- Title: EP Social Ping Pong @ MPK22
		- Description: Socialize with your Experimentation Products (EP) colleagues over a casual game of ping pong at MPK22!
	- WP post
		- Welcome to EP Social Ping Pong @ MPK22!
		- Join this group if you want to socialize with your Experimentation Products (EP) colleagues over a casual game of ping pong at MPK22!
		- I will occasionally organize events in this group for meetups on Thursdays. Anyone else is also free to organize meetups using this group!
		- The ping pong table in MPK22 is located on the second floor, close to BentoBox and across/above the IT Help Desk Station.
	- WP event
		- 07/10 Meetup for EP Social Ping Pong @ MPK22
		- Join this group if you want to socialize with your Experimentation Products (EP) colleagues over a casual game of ping pong at MPK22!
		- I will bring 2 ping pong paddles + balls for this event!
		- The ping pong table in MPK22 is located on the second floor, close to BentoBox and across/above the IT Help Desk Station.
	- Chat message
		- Want to socialize with your EP colleagues over a casual game of ping pong at MPK22? Join this meetup: fb.workplace.com/events/656741444075215/ 
		- Join this group to stay informed about future meetups: fb.workplace.com/groups/ep.ping.pong
		- 
- Focusmate 
	- 10-10.30 - skip
	- 10.30 - 100
		- alpha roll-out + groups
- [[AI Alliance]]
	- Brainstormed ideas - next step is to vote and build one
- 1-1 [[Tal Hayat]]
	- Tal's new role - Developer productivity at IG
		- Developer productivity at IG
		- Goals: 
			- % of diffs supported by AI
			- XDM: Experiments per Developer per Month
		- Teams under this org
			- Infra and migration - moving to WWW
			- Server
			- Mobile
		- Tal is horizontal PM supporting all those orgs
		- IG > Platform Foundations > Tal's team - responsible for all developer productivity at IG
	- FF > FB history
		- FF = Family Foundations
		- Then got merged into FB
- 1-1 [[Hongyu Liang]]
	- IG collab w/ Tal - XDM
		- Dev Insights team is taking over this metric for the whole company - already collaborating with our team
	- Monetization collab
		- Exploring collab w/ multiple experiment teams
			- ExperimentHQ
			- QRT
			- ...
		- Paired QE - QRT - for showing relationship between organic and ads
			- Used extensively by IG Biz and FB Biz teams
		- Advertiser teams - not ranking - run ads experiments on QE 



## Today's snippets


## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```