---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2025-03-11
journal-end-date: 2025-03-11
journal-date: 2025-03-11
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Reflect: what am I grateful for today?
		- 
	- Reflect: anything else?
		- 

## Today's notes
- [[Focusmate]]
	- 10-10.30
		- 5 mins: hackathon doc
- Call w [[Sutter Health]] and [[Stanford Health]]
	- New patient enrollment via phone - called 1-800 number
	- Reproductive Science Center - 925-867-1800
		- Only for reproductive services, not for ob/gyn
	- San Mateo Center - 650-652-8500
	- One Baywood - 650-477-8112
	- Qs
		- Do I need primary care at Sutter?
		- What's the earliest appointment?
	- Stanford locations
		- Women’s Care Medical Group
- Call w [[Bobbie]] [[Wei Wu]] on SFV
	- SFV team - FB Reels - approached us saying they are having problems
	- Specialized modules / weighted techniques
	- Collaboration model
		- Operate as v-team
		- They try some ideas and we try some ideas
- 1-1 [[Luke Englund]]
	- IAB + Ranking collabs
	- Web crawl v-team
	- 1PD overall strategy - org issues
		- In the past 1PD dataset from IAB + MFT was new and lot of value from it; now the scope of that is drying up and new HC is coming in, so we need to grow the scope
		- Many teams involved now
			- 1PD ML team
			- Semantic ranking
			- DMF
			- IAB team
			- 1PD team
		- Path of least resistance - go w/ DMF team
	- 1PD strategy
		- Marketplace 1PD data - incl. Shops
			- Search history
			- Which products clicked / engaged on
			- Depth of conversation with seller
			- Marketplace Ads data
			- Does not go thru 1P platform - just offline hive tables - we don't know what the infra looks like - maybe OSP
		- Household semantics - part of 1PD v-team
			- Promising, long-term
		- Social good 1PD - charities and non-profits have unique ad needs; low headroom; small segment of 1dCT - may move over to VO or something later
		- Organic post content
		- Web crawl + LH
	- How to approach strategy
		- Make a hierarchy of things we want to tackle
		- Find low hanging fruit - e.g. batch features
		- Then think about funding deeper investments
		- Can we use EBF to get holistic view?
	- Working model
		- Need to scope these opportunities - gather data points about coverage etc. to assess ROI
		- Need to reach out to partners that own the datasets - but not everyone can be in the v-team
	- Misc notes
		- Mao moving out of web crawl - Luke's team - Yunchuan stepping in
- Working on [[ode to joy song]]
- 



## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```