---
page-type: journal-daily
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2025-05-07
journal-end-date: 2025-05-07
journal-date: 2025-05-07
---

## Today's notes
- 1-1 [[Bertram Chan]]
	- Role scope and success
		- How to apply AI into data analytics space to drive impactful new product; launches that deliver positive impact
- 1-1 [[Imports/logseq-2023-04-06 sanitized for import/pages/Sagar Pilania|Sagar Pilania]]
	- VO vs. Google
		- Max volume is not a good objective for Google, because incremental volume in search is not always good
		- Meta is discovery, so we provide incremental ROAS on top of CO
	- VO vs. CO at Meta
		- We are positive on the VO perf improve metric 
		- Likely to double spend with GTM this year
	- How to share insights from inbound for Value
		- Talk to Nachiket and co
		- Also talk to Targeting
	- How to get momentum
		- Create milestones - e.g. leadership review
		- How to motivate people - people up their chain - find out what people up their chain would be interested in - ask "what's a good milestone to take this to your leadership"
- 1-1 [[Nachiket Deshpande]]
	- Data growth focus areas
		- Asking advertisers to share better quality data
		- Leveraging other internal data - like catalog
- Sutter health
	- Hi, I've uploaded the medical records that I downloaded from One Medical. It includes some information about the diagnosis and details of my ADHD medication over the past few years. I'm sorry it's not very neatly formatted, but if you do a search for "Vyvanse" or "ADHD" you should be able to quickly find the information.
	- You can see from my record that I was on Vyvanse 60mg since early 2023 to early 2025. In early 2025 I tried a different medication (Qelbree) then went back to Vyvanse 30mg. 
- 1-1 [[JJ Geewax]]
	- Intro
		- Living in Singapore 5+ years, first at Google
		- Joined Meta few years ago - Whatsapp team - that wound down, then recently joined Signals team
	- His role in DMF
		- Pixel strategy
		- Advertiser organic interactions
	- Organic interactions
		- Search event classification
			- Pixel sends two urls - referrer url and landing page url
			- Categorization of page view event as search vs. not
		- Search keywords
		- URL
			- 2 days: need to extend to 2 yrs
			- Only for opt-in data - need to figure out cohorting etc.
	- Next steps
		- Unblock PXFN - Amlesh
		- Make execution plan + arch - 
		- Sen + Yujing - Ranking side
		- Wei Lu - Signals



## Today's snippets


## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```