---
page-type: journal-daily
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-date: 2025-08-04
journal-start-date: 2025-08-04
journal-end-date: 2025-08-04
---

## Today's notes
- [[Focusmate]]
	- 9.30 - 10
		- gtd stuff
	- 10-10.30
		- tax prep
		- party planning - looked up photographer
	- 11-11.30
- Diwakar taxes
	- Hi, I've uploaded all my tax docs for tax years 2023 and 2024 to the new client portal under. You should find three folders under the account Rukma Sen: 2024-docs.zip, 2023-docs.zip, and nm-india-taxes.zip.
	- Please take a look at the docs and let me know if you need any more info from my end. 
	- I also worked with Diwakar for past years filings, but I'm not able to find any of the older docs in the new client portal. Can you please help with that?
- Chat w/ AI4P at IG
	- Identify personas of people we want
		- E.g. complex experiment setup - Threads has a lot of this
	- Overviews of IG segments
		- Classic UI team 
			- Set up
				- - set up experiments across ios / android / www - use GKs for long term holdouts + halfly holdouts
				- screw ups - params out of data, exposure imbalance issues
				- COnstruct standardized example GK / QE that all downstreams will clone - socialized through runbooks etc.
		- Ranking and relevance teams
			- Set up
				- Set up is not such a big issue
				- Universe compression issues - small space for new experiments - need to work respectfully in overall universe and figure out allocation
		- Performance teams / PREQ teams
			- Set up
				- Device based experiments 
	- Measuring success - what they care about
		- Decreasing number of restarts
		- Decrease number of experiments that don't get shipped
		- Time to ship experiment
		- Reduce imbalances
	- Key use cases
		- Experiment setup - focus on accuracy and complexity of use cases
		- Experiment review - focus on productivity and time reduction
		- Stretch goal: take advantage of metadata - e.g we know if experiment has regressions in ABC metrics, this impacts XYZ
		- Cleaning up stale experiments
- Msg to Jon
	- AI Adoption for CPP PMs 
	- Hey Jon, as part of Naomi's AI Ambassador program for PMs, Michael and I are helping drive AI adoption for CPP PMs. To kick-off this effort, all PM org leads will be making posts to emphasize this goal to their teams.
	- Ask for Jon: Could you please make a post on the CPP PMs WP group by the end of this week? Here is a draft we've prepared to get you started: https://fburl.com/gdoc/rwjjw2ht
- Diwakar taxes pricing
	- 2023 + 2024
		- FBAR: 100 x2
		- FATCA: 50 + 50
		- 1099R: 25 + 25
		- Stock sale: 50 
			- x6 
		- Filing: 149 x2
		- Interest income: 25 x2
		- 733 for 2023
		- 469 for 2024
		- Total = 1202


## Today's snippets


## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```