---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-08-14
journal-end-date: 2024-08-14
journal-date: 2024-08-14
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [ ] Meditation
	- [ ] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
	- [ ] Connect
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- Data flywheel strategy
	- Message to PMs
		- ML Data Flywheel - PMs - Signals + Ranking
		- Hey folks, we're exploring opportunities to drive ML gains using new signals, including new signal acquisition from advertisers and new ways of processing existing signals.
		- I'd love to set up some time with this group later this week to review and get your feedback. We want to ensure that we have the right v-team set up across Signals + Ranking to pursue this idea and/or understand who else we might want to loop in. Thank you!
		-  ML data flywheel opportunities 
	- PMMs outreach
		- Hey Soumya, we're exploring opportunities to drive ML gains using new signals, including new signal acquisition from advertisers and new ways of processing existing signals.
- Referral for [[Aiden Okosun]]
	- PMM: https://www.metacareers.com/v2/jobs/959855888436788/
	- BPM: https://www.metacareers.com/v2/jobs/1250573182640030/
	- 

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```