---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-07-25
journal-end-date: 2024-07-25
journal-date: 2024-07-25
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [x] Exercise: 40m walk + run
	- [x] Meditation: 5m 4-6
	- [x] Journal 5-10m
	- [x] Daily planning: Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [x] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [x] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Connect
	- [x] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- Setting 5 min timer to freewrite in the morning. This is the way. What's up? I started getting back pain again yesterday. The familiar sensation. Yesterday I had a nice massage for my back then I played pickleball and I started getting the pain. I attribute it more to pickleball because I felt it slightly even the last time I played pickleball. This time I played more so I felt the pain also more. It lasted until the morning. I woke up with back pain. That's why I decided to walk for exercise instead of my lower body routine which was good. However, I need to focus on injury prevention because as mark the kettlebell guy always said - injury is really bad because it puts you out of commission for a while, and you negate the progress of your fitness gains. That's a good point. So what's the prevention angle? One thing to focus on is core stability. This involves anti extension and anti rotation. In this case I specifically think the hip rotation is what is triggering the pain. I swing in pickleball like the drives in tennis and table tennis which involves a lot of hip rotation. I need spinal stability while doing the rotation. Anti extension also generally good for the spine. I can start incorporating some McGill big 3, ab wheels, and single arm KB movements for that anti-rotational aspect. I don't have access to a palloff press at home so I can't do that. I think KB get ups are also good for stability. Maybe my cardio days can involve a stability routine. Also definitely sundays should involve a combination of molding mobility and stability exercises. Build a basic 10 min stability routine to layer on top of it. Also I can start incorporating stability to superset with some of my T1 and T2 strength exercises. For lower body day I definitely have the gaps because there are no super sets. Even for upper body days I have a tiny gap of like 20-30 secs between the supersets, so I can try to crank out an ab wheel or deadbugs in that time. That would be helpful I think. 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- Try moving connect down one step, because it doesn't need me to open other apps
		- Do the whatsapp scroll thing
	- [x] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- Work: N/A - meetings
		- Side: Freewrite for content
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- Spent a ton of time on the meetings - that went well and I accomplished a decent bit
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- Did not freewrite - just didn't block it.

## Today's notes
- [[Focusmate]]
	- [ ] Morning routine
	- [ ] Update meetings - SAIL, Marvin
- 1-1 [[Tanmay Zargar]]
	- Stakeholder alignment updates
	- Making a promo plan
	- How Tanmay's manager worked w/him
		- Tell me what you did
		- Why it was important to org and xfn
		- Why nobody else could have done it
- [[SAIL]] execution update
	- Announce: shift cadence - Tuesdays?
- 1-1 [[Xi Chen]]
	- Sha asked for prioritization review
	- We will make a framework from Shuyan's sizing and review
	- Per area mini reviews
- 1-1 [[Shuai]]
	- Overall feature strategy horizontal effort - PPML + PSML
		- Shuai had previous feature strategy - will start from there
		- Expand to include PPML - BA plan and A&D features
	- FusionSG
		- Need better planning for next half; break down x-org dependencies including infra and resources
		- Shuai pinged multiple people on resource asks
		- Work w/ Helsing on FuSG model space + signals; Xiaomin is driving modeling
	- iRev HBT - FusionSG launches
		- App + CDP teams have FuSG launches - marked as 1PD distillation - need to come to FuSG
		- OBA AI attribution seems not correct
		- Row 28: attribution number is wrong
- SAIL - Shops sizing w [[Shuyan Li]] [[Xi Chen]]
	- Framework for sizing
		- Got LRP for all products - 4 mature + 4 early
		- Only Shops and LeadGen has detailed breakdowns of sizing, others don't
	- Framework for attribution
- 1-1 [[Gerardo Cantu]]
	- Sync strategy effort w/ Jorge
- 1-1-1 [[Imports/capacities_workspace-2024-06-06/Pages/Marvin Kim|Marvin Kim]] [[Yen Tan]]
	- Deleted this meeting and sync in chat thread
- VO napkin w [[Lin Li]] [[Xi Chen]] [[Baokun]] 
	- 
- 1-1 [[Phil Kim]]
	- Updated presentation
	- Had networking calls w/ folks at company
	- 25 outreach, 5 responses, all calls
- 1-1 [[Imports/logseq-2023-04-06 sanitized for import/pages/Marvin Kim|Marvin Kim]]
	- IG rev attribution
		- Need to update finance by next Tuesday
		- Verify if this is in Track 4; if not - we need to add to SGI T4
		- Align w/ Zhen + Fan + Yuhui + Jill
	- Nick transition
	- Promo doc
	- Recruiting initiative
- [[Advertiser Inbound AI]] w [[Varun Aggarwal]] [[Candice Mizushima]]
	- Make PMM plan
		- Past inbounds collection
		- Future inbounds curation
	- Past data
		- Very few recordings
		- Some raw notes - but lot of variability in the quality of raw notes; use trusted BPMs for raw notes
		- Separate content vs. metadata
			- Metadata can go back 5 years or so
			- Content can go back maybe 2 years or so
	- Scope
		- Pick one org and start there - e.g. just CAG
		- Orgs
			- CAG
			- Signal Growth
			- R&P
		- Manually get a list of all inbounds that were done and ask everybody for the links
	- Future data
		- Can't record everything - advertisers won't give permission; may be bad for the relationship
	-  


## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```