---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-10-04
journal-end-date: 2024-10-04
journal-date: 2024-10-04
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [ ] Meditation
	- [ ] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- Meetup
	- Hi guys, looking forward to catching up tomorrow at 6!
	- How about meeting at Peacock Bar in ITC? Rukma and I have to head to a dinner nearby around 8 - 8:30, but feel free to suggest any other place as long as it's not too far away!
- SEAR review w [[Wei Wu]] etc.
	- Sha: what's our confidence level on sizing?
		- Initial sizing based on OC NE, but several follow-ups needed for higher confidence sizing
		- Need to prioritize higher confidence sizing for follow-up review
	- Sha: What's the overlap w/ data flywheel?
		- Wei: Data track significantly overlaps with Data Flywheel, but Ranking track is independent 
		- Guang: Data flywheel will focus on data growth (e.g. identifying and prioritizing segment data opportunities) while SEAR can develop the ML techniques
		- Sha: Internally we will have separate workstreams for SEAR vs. data flywheel; But need to figure out the right framing for external stakeholders so that it's not confusing with too many workstreams
		- Sha: Napkin funding looks promising so far; will find out in few weeks; HC should not be a blocker; need to think about BIS allocation (especially TL bandwidth)  
	- Sha: what's the overlap w/ non SG ranking work?
		- Added appendix section on CoreML current state vs. gaps for segment optimization
	- Ankit: can we break down the important segments?
		- Covered in business impact and goals roadmap, but will be helpful to have a map of all segments and highlight the major gaps and opportunities
	- Guang: do we have prioritization of all the opportunities identified?


## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```