---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-08-28
journal-end-date: 2024-08-28
journal-date: 2024-08-28
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise: skip
	- [x] Meditation
	- [x] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- Journal what's on mind? Having fun staying here with Uday+ fam and Aaron. It's like reliving our 516 days, but with more responsibilities and work. I wish Rukma was here that would have made it nicer! Of course, a lot of habits and productivity stuff going for a toss. One thing I can easily improve on is night time video watching and going to bed. Just go to bed when going up instead of watching videos for a bunch of time. That should be an easy fix / habit to build. Actually that's how I can rephrase the habit. Go to bed when it's bed time, whatever that time is, and don't use phone in bed. 
		- Feeling a bit drained of energy due to exerting myself too much. Combination of every day work, and chilling, drinking, playing games. It's all good though. Imagine Uday - he's doing all of that plus taking care of Ria. That's some next level shit. No idea how he does it. I'll get there I'm sure!
		- I was feeling a bit frustrated yesterday with my Marvin conversation. I'm not entirely sure how I can grow with Marvin as my manager. I felt bad that he's always pointing out the things I'm doing wrong rather than encouraging me for things I'm doing well. I should communicate that to him at some point in some way. I wonder if I can reach out to Sagar for some advice on this? How would I phrase it to Sagar? Career development advice? Yeah, that should work. Should I be looking for new roles at Meta? I could ask Sagar this Q. I mean Marvin doesn't have bad intentions. He wants to help me get promoted, so I could stick it out with him.
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- Who do I want to connect to? I can scroll WA. Who are my Bay Area folks? I can reach out to Pooja and Abhi!
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- 1-1 [[Cindy Arellano]]
	- Catalog side is putting together working model for collaboration w/ Ranking teams
- Summit event
	- Day 1 | Signal Growth Ranking AI Summit 2024-H2
		- Thursday 9am - 5pm
	- Happy Hour | Signal Growth Ranking AI Summit 2024-H2
		- Thursday 5pm - 7pm
	- Day 2 | Signal Growth Ranking AI Summit 2024-H2
		- Friday 9am - 12pm
	- Description
- VO meet
	- Follow-up on numbers separation of BIS vs. HC
- 1-1 w [[Janet Gehrmann]]
	- Channels
		- Linkedin vs. Twitter vs. TikTok etc.
	- Email newsletter ideas - Weekly update - 
		- New tools in AI
		- New companies being funded
		- Updates about events
	- Brand account vs. personal account
		- Keep the brand account - keep inviting people manually to follow
		- Don't reshare brand account content; create separate 
		- Brand account goals
			- Keep posting content; make it seem legit
			- Will account for small amount of funnel - not the primary goal
		- Personal account goals
			- Gaining more followers and reach in AI
				- Dripify - auto add followers
				- Send podcast to those people
		- 
	- Guests
		- 
- Email to leads
	- Snippet eblow

### Snippet

Hi all, here is the pre-read for **Data <> ML Flywheel Strategy**. TLDR is copied below and see here for the full doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/16p3hpKSuOXcs4DUVlCJNtG7wwAxj6h176_zAu7lGfhc/edit 

Please feel free to comment on the doc with your feedback, and we look forward to discussing this at the "Flywheel Proposal" meeting on Thursday, August 29, 2024 at 5:35 PM - 6:00 PM PT. Signal boosting this doc via email, WP chat, and adding to calendar invite.

-- 

- **Problem**: We have a chicken-and-egg problem that is slowing down our ability to increase signal supply for ads delivery optimization. We frequently ask ourselves “if we asked advertisers to share ABC data, would it improve performance”? The problem exists for internal data also. Signals <> Ranking feedback loop to experiment with and understand the value of new data is slower than we’d like because piping a new Signal into our ML systems touches many ads production systems. Ideally we’d like a lighter-touch way to test such hypotheses quickly together with advertisers (and with internal data also).
- **Solution**: We propose to tackle this problem in two phases:
	- Phase 1 (~2025) will pursue known data and ML opportunities listed in this table below to realize performance improvements and to validate ideas for speeding up the feedback loop between Signals and ranking. 
	- Phase 2 (~2026+) will leverage learnings from phase 1 to tackle the fundamental chicken-and-egg problem by building capabilities that allow lighter weight and faster Signals <> Ranking feedback loop.
- **Ask**: Seeking 30 HC investment to pursue ~1% iRev opportunity for phase 1 with a v-team across Signal Growth Initiative.



Notes
- Channels
- Chat
- Email
- Calendar invite - Erica Winfield



## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```