---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-09-13
journal-end-date: 2024-09-13
journal-date: 2024-09-13
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [ ] Meditation
	- [ ] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- [[Focusmate]] 9.30-10.30
	- Inbox processing
	- SG Summit
- [[Focusmate]] 10.30 - 11.30
	- Work: Summit planning
		- Email invites + open group
		- Zoom link
	- Work: catalog doc
	- Work: promo doc + marvin convo
- [[Focusmate]] 11.30 - 12.30
	- Tax
	- Side project
- 1-1 [[Xi Chen]]
	- Data Flywheel vs. SAIL
	- 1PD vs. SAIL
- 1-1 [[Swissnex]] on AI mentorship w/ Amara 
	- About Amara
		- Programs and events associate
	- About Swissnex
		- Initiative of Swiss government dept of education and innovation
		- Seeking to connect Switzerland w/ Bay Area as an innovation outpost (and many more outposts all over the world)
	- Swissnex verticals / workstreams
		- Startups - bootcamps
		- Creative industries - bring Swiss artists to Bay
		- Journalism - some focus on AI impact on journalism
		- Academia
		- Corporate - Swiss corporates come to Bay for "trend tours" to learn about new innovations in their space
		- AI vertical - early stage vertical; 
	- Sessions focus areas
		- Providing tools and knowledge
		- Connecting with networks
	- Startup bootcamps
		- Internationalization bootcamps; Swiss startups come to SF for 2 weeks to train on pitching, sales, networking, etc. AI bootcamp here right now
		- Two types: market entry camp and market validation camp; depending on stage
	- About mentorship program
		- Low commitment to start with. Minimum 1 x 30m call per year.
		- Share your network
		- To onboard they add me to their mentor database
		- Program participants select people they want to reach out to and do the matching
	- What might be a good fit for me
		- Participating in panel discussions for Swissnex
		- Mentoring for startup / academia
		- Individual sessions for corporate 
	-  How they give back to mentors
		- Mentors newsletter - I can read about startups and proactively reach out
		- Mentors meetups
		- Swissnex passport: free access to Swissnex coworking space
- [[Meta PM referrals]]
	- Monika Bishnoi
	- 



## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```