---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-08-23
journal-end-date: 2024-08-23
journal-date: 2024-08-23
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [x] Meditation
	- [x] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [x] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
	- [x] Connect
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- Hungover today. Had several drinks yesterday. How many? 2 wine + 1.75 beers almost 4. Then 1 more at home up to 5. Maybe learn to stop drinking at a certain point. That's a useful skill to learn. Have a cut off point and no more drinking afterwards. Well, that's what the breathalyzer is actually for - but I forgot to take it this time. Mini breathalyzer in pocket - I should leave it in the going out bin so it's always ready. Good tip! Also the number does impact the hangover the next day. Even if I didn't get too drunk, having more number of drinks is probably more hangover. So think of limiting both.
		- Didn't exercise today morning because of hangover - but planning for pickleball in the evening so that counts. Also did some walking which is good. What else on my mind? Still neglecting a bunch of work stuff and personal stuff. Task list is growing. Let me commit to tackling that in the next focus session. Actually cleaning it up.
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- Data flywheel sync w [[Kash Patel]] [[Manish Singh]]
	- 


## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```