---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-07-16
journal-end-date: 2024-07-16
journal-date: 2024-07-16
---


# Today's notes
```calendar-timeline
```
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise: Later today
	- [x] Meditation: 5m 4-6
	- [x] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
	- [ ] Habit tracker
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- Today I woke up and was not in the mood to exercise; same thing happened yesterday too; one issue is low sleep that's making me not want to work out in the morning, but that's just one thing. Other than that there is just some resistance. I think I'm stronger when working out in the afternoon / evening. But that's okay - it's more important to workout consistently than it is to workout at my strongest. Maybe it's fine for yesterday / today, but I really should get back to the morning routine. Start tomorrow with cardio. Since anyway I planned for an updated routine with 2 days strength followed by 1 day cardio then back to strength. That way I can do saturday sunday cardio. Let me do that tomorrow. No excuses!
		- What else is going on? Today morning I also didn't get back to other parts of routine. Didn't plan my day in the morning. I think the lack of exercise throws me off in general. Or the lack of following routine to start with. So I started with some shopping in the morning - random task to start with. Then I actually did some fun stuff messing around with graphrag. Got it to work minimally and then at least played around with some visualizations. What all do I want to do in this?
			- Explore the graph and the different artifacts to understand different levels, communities, etc.
			- Explore the global and local search to get it to do things I want such as writing outlines, writing a list of topics, etc.
			- Make a note on what I did and ask Jay for help.
		- Yesterday was also good - I was able to get help from Rukma in defining some clear goals and outcomes for my project. Then got into an argument with her which I shouldn't have about her novel. Why do I always need to force my POV or get her to see things a certain way? It's good that she doesn't. I should work on that more. I love her so much!
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- Who can I reach out to today? I was supposed to call Avinash yesterday but I totally forgot. Let me try again today. But that doesn't fully count. I mean, let's say that's like a bonus thing. But let's make the main thing just texting someone in the morning. That still leaves the new outreach pending. Has to be a new person. Why not browse LI for a moment and try pinging? Look at birthdays.
		- Follow-ups: Akshay, Avinash
		- New: Niki Pinjala - birthday
	- [x] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 
- 1-1 w [[Praveen Sampath]]
	- Spidermate update
		- Met w/ GenAI poc Sean Bell - main customer for Spidermate
		- Spidermate is high pri for Zuck, but caught up in legal and PXFN issues
		- Ranking requirements are a subset of Gen AI requirements
		- Will have more clarity in few weeks on PXFN
	- Next steps
		- Marvin + Neeraj
		- PMs: Mustafa + Catalog team
		- Eng teams - unified
		- Wenhan + Angie - update on integrity crawler not going through
- [[Focusmate]]
	- [x] PXFN update
	- [x] WP post: eng overview
		- Welcome to Web Crawl for Signal Growth AI/ML
		- Web Crawl for Signal Growth AI/ML seeks to leverage web crawl data for Signal Growth AI/ML applications such as Ads Ranking AI (e.g. Offsite Conversion Optimization ranking models) and Consumer Journey AI (e.g. In-App Browser post-click product recommendations).
		- Key resources
			- Canonical doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BQosmfoyiqtscxVndRGxgJ_Z5Wm3ZTrmGWmDydCUhYc/edit
			- Catalog Crawling data links and resources: https://fb.workplace.com/groups/426326756895456/permalink/429205053274293/
			- Catalog Crawling data demo: https://fb.workplace.com/groups/426326756895456/permalink/428780519983413/
		- Group expectations
			- Follow this group for:
			- Regular updates on Web Crawl for Signal Growth AI/ML (bi-weekly)
			- Ad-hoc check-ins and alignments on Web Crawl for Signal Growth AI/ML
	- [ ] WP post: Updates on Web Crawl strategy for Monetization AI/ML use cases
		- Multiple AI/ML teams across the Monetization org (including Ads Ranking AI, Signal Growth Ranking AI, In-App Browser Intelligence) have been exploring multiple sources of web crawl data (including Integrity Crawler, Catalog Crawler, and future plans for Spidermate Crawler). We are working towards a unified strategy to unlock web crawl data (including PXFN approval) and enable usage across Monetization AI/ML use cases. MUSTAFA will share more updates on this in future.
		- Integrity Crawler is currently deprioritized from a PXFN standpoint. While there were previous efforts to unlock Integrity Crawler data for AI/ML applications in Ads Ranking, these efforts are currently deprioritized. PRAVEEN can share more updates on this.
			- https://www.internalfb.com/launch_manager/reviews/L1268027PCR/REVIEW
		- We are prioritizing PXFN approval for usage of web crawl data from Catalog Crawler for AI/ML applications. The goal is to enable offline experimentation in 2024-H2 and enable production usage in 2025-H1. 
		- WITH praveen, Mustafa
	- [ ] Praveen + Mustafa
		- Link PXFN update
		- Hey guys, I'm setting up some time to sync on PXFN
	- [ ] Neeraj + Marvin
- 1-1 w [[Jorge Gabuardi]]
	- Instead of Cabo try Peurto Vallerta - he says it's even better - more authentically mexican vs. Cabo
- 1-1 w [[Rohail Ali]] for [[Mentorcruise]]
	- Intro
		- Background in tech sales and AE
		- Brother is PM lead at Microsoft - Geico
		- Brother in law PM at Meta
		- Thinks he'll be good at PM because of entrepreneurial spirit - side business sales agency
		- Focus on cybersecurity
		- Has full time experience during college
	- Side business
		- Sales agency; got clients from a firm he was contracting with; scaling online marketplace companies; takes care of sales management; recruiting is another function
		- Has kind of automated it, and going to get married soon; wants a more stable career
	- Goals
		- Wants to get into PM or Eng 
		- Wants to get something by November
	- Where he wants help
		- Structured guidance; he gets lost on what he needs to learn; wants custom tailored advice to his situation
	- 





# Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```