---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-12-03
journal-end-date: 2024-12-03
journal-date: 2024-12-03
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [ ] Meditation
	- [ ] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- Email to [[M. Subramanian]] on [[Carnatic music]]
	- Request for information about Carnatic MIDI generation
	- M. Subramanian: manianms@yahoo.com or msmanian@hotmail.com
	- Hi Mr. Subramanian,
	- I came across your webpage on Carnatic MIDI generation ( https://carnatic2000.tripod.com/carnmidi2.htm ). I'm very interested in the intersection of Carnatic and electronic music production, and  I'd love to learn more about how you generated the MIDI files. 
	- (1) Could you please share any information or insights on this how you generated your Carnatic MIDI files? My goal is to translate Carnatic Raga scales to MIDI.
	- (2) Your webpage links to Arun Kumar's java applet for graphically defining a gamakam and generating Midi files: http://arunk.freepgs.com/gcreate/. Unfortunately that app is not working and the website seems to be dead. I'd really appreciate if you could introduce me to Arun Kumar or share any contact info you may have!
	- (3) You asked this question on your webpage: "Can any one who visits this page help me with information on how to query the midi device to find out whether it supports pitch bend sensitivity change using the RPN messages?" I researched this a bit, and unfortunately it turns out there is no way to query MIDI devices for this information, and the user must refer to the device's documentation to determine whether or not the device supports pitch bend sensitivity change via RPN messages. However, I'd be happy to help you explore some alternative solutions if you can describe the intent behind this query and what you are trying to accomplish.
	- Your website contains a wealth of information and insight that I can't find anywhere else on the internet. Thanks very much in advance for your help! 
- 1-1 [[Jonathan Herbach]]
	- Agenda - from Jonathan
		- Unblock number of crawls
		- Collaboration model
	- Jonathan's collab preferences
		- Weekly sync w/ PMs
		- Opportunity sizing methodology
	- 

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```