---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-07-26
journal-end-date: 2024-07-26
journal-date: 2024-07-26
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [x] Exercise 30m lower
	- [x] Meditation 2m 4-6
	- [x] Journal 5-10m
	- [x] Connect
	- [x] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
	- [ ] Habit tracker
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- Let's rock and roll. 5 min continuous journal.
		- Had some difficult conversations yesterday. One was with Marvin. This was a follow-on from convos w/ Yuhui and Tanmay. I brought up the promo case issue to Marvin. He was not supportive of my effort to get more recognition for past work. One good suggestion he made was that I can try to write a note with eng if I want to get credit for this. This was a good suggestion. But he was also pretty clear that it will require something new for me to get promoted and it can't be built on just stuff that I've done. Needs a crown jewel. How did I feel? I think I felt not listened to and frustrated. He kept bringing up how I got negative feedback from Mandeepak on 1PD and all around on unattributed. Yes, these are failures that I do need to acknowledge and recognize. How does that make me feel? Feels on the one hand a bit guilty and ashamed that I failed. But on the other hand I know that I'm strong, and many other things were very successful so I felt frustrated that these kept being pointed out, and it made me very defensive. I think I noticed that in the convo and started shutting down a bit. I am having some interpersonal struggles w/ Marvin. I feel some lack of trust in the relationship. However, I do also feel cared for to some extent and that he does care about me and want me to succeed. He just has a different perspective on some of the past work. I should seek out mentorship elsewhere - maybe try asking Sagar? Not sure who else I could ask. I can also talk to Nick about it in my 1-1 with him today. That's a good call. Also feedback from Marvin was to move fast, so I should prioritize that today for sure. Let me make that my top priority for today. Move fast on Marvin's feedback. What does that involve? The Yen issues is one. Then the career development planning. Let me draft both quickly.
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- Whom to reach out to? I can do the scroll thing, but let me plan tasks first.
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- work: MOVE FAST on Marvin's feedback
			- Resolve Yen issues
			- Draft strategy projects plan
		- side: block for freewrite
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- [[Focusmate]] 09:56
	- [ ] IG follow up
		- [x] Check if they are on SGI roadmap
		- [ ] Asked Yuan
	- [ ] Strategy goals CD
- Aaron distribution ML
	- FB AI for creation distribution ML
- 1-1 [[Phil Kim]]
	- Tell me about yourself
		- EY -> PM -> personal philosophy
		- Samsung BA: launched automation product
		- Investment research:
		- EY: Consulting -> PM
		- Add
	- Led XFN team
		- Context
			- Learning about GenAI
			- Side project - ideation to launch
			- 8 weeks
		- Action
			- Research and ideation using LLM APIs
			- Time and resource prioritization
			- Last minute hiccup - had to reprioritize
		- Result
			- Successful product
		- Probe: leadership
			- Pushback on scope and design
			- Design: chatbot vs. extension
		- Feedback
			- Pick a different story
	- Failed
		- Context: 1m30s
			- ERP feature at Samsung
			- Low usage
		- Retrospect
			- Customer research upfront vs. gut feeling
		- Probe: Why did this failure happen
			- Didn't validate hypotheses
			- Got buy in without pushback
	- Strengths
		- Creative
		- Reading the room
	- Weaknesses
		- Missing details
		- Too blunt
			- EY automation feature; pushback from business users saying it wasn't needed; told them they were wrong
	- Disagreement or conflict
		- Taking over from senior PM at EY who was leaving firm; product getting defunded; possible layoff
		- Leadership person wanted to defund product and Phil said no
		- 
- Call w/ [[Geico]]
	- Renters insurance expired, need new quote
	- Auto insurance - shopping for better quote
- 1-1 w [[Suneeta Modekurty]] for [[Mentorcruise]]
	- Intro Suneeta
		- Wants to transition to Product Management from DS
		- Passionate about cancer research - using AI to help with cancer patients; she herself is a cancer survivor; e.g. personalized medicine based on genes analysis
	- Goals
		- Get AI PM job - primary goal
		- Build product for cancer patients
		- Learn about AI
	- Why PM?
		- Wants to see the end to end customer journey and product building
	- 
	- NM Private notes
		- She seems super unfocused and unclear on goals; don't want to work with her



Texts
```txt
IG Signal Growth + Consent Process Optimization

Hey all, there's a 0.075% that should be committed to SGI roadmap per this doc, but I can't seem to find it on the SGI roadmap. Could anybody point me to the right place? Thank you!

https://docs.google.com/document/d/109bNB_y4iI9Z64w2UKQVk-qxiL80Zulc8kJNlySXyvk/edit?disco=AAABSnoQPGs

```

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```