---
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-07-05
journal-end-date: 2024-07-05
journal-date: 2024-07-05
---

# Today's notes
```calendar-timeline
```
- Morning routine
	- [x] Exercise
	- [x] Meditation
	- [x] Journal
	- [x] Connect
	- [x] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
	- [x] Habit tracker
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind?
		- I'm enjoying my vacation with bhalucat! It's a nice, relaxing experience. I'm able to slow down and relax. Unlike busy vacations with friends or family. It was nice to take a long time to do exercise in the morning - long zone 2 after a long time. It was re-invigorating. 
		- Leisurely reading is fun too! Almost finished Stormlight. Loving the series so far. Watched some videos about it while exercising. Can't wait to finish book 4 so that I can delve into all the fan theories and conversation! But I'm also sad that it will be over and I need to wait several months before the next book comes out. Well, I can read the next era of Mistborn by then - that's what I think I'll do next!
		- Connect
			- Reached out over the past few days to Vivek, Pranay, Ram Mummy, Prem Mummy. It was good!
			- Who else have I not reached out to in some time? Let me list some names. 
				- Staff at home - how to translate messages to a language they'll understand? **Mani** - English. Saber - has to be voice I guess. I wonder if there's any cool AI speech to text that will do urdu or someting?
				- Family - Reach out on big bro group with travel plans
				- Professional - Kamesh, AD
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- [x] Mani
		- [x] Big bro WA
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- Do habits
		- Have fun!
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- Did everything I wanted to! Had a ton of fun with Bhalucat!
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- Maybe I drank a bit too much in the afternoon? Try limiting drinking to 6pm onwards
- 

# Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```