---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-09-03
journal-end-date: 2024-09-03
journal-date: 2024-09-03
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [ ] Meditation
	- [ ] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- Catch up
	- Morning. Thanks so much for the additional coverage last Friday while I was on vacation. I was wondering if you could share a quick update on next steps from Friday's review with Krishna? It looks like the SGI review is postponed. Thanks!
- Meet w [[Mao Ye]] [[Anton Zhang]] [[Wenhan Zhang]] on Semantic Ranking
	- Two approaches: 1 approach using content mappings existing from catalog team
		- Catalog visits URLs and extracts content
		- Then do more advanced stuff - HTML parsing, etc.
	- Catalog team is motivated to further improve coverage
- Mon pri areas
	- Monetization Priority Areas: Canonical Docs + WP Groups
[]()	- In order to help Monetization PMs better understand the goals and workstreams across all Monetization Priority Areas, Erica has compiled the canonical docs and WP Groups for each Priority Area. 
		- https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C5B-b-Wf9SH7V6a904mY8_31f89vhWrV9F-yqDll208/edit?gid=1077285228#gid=1077285228
	- See my previous post for more context.
		- https://fb.workplace.com/groups/242477544905891/permalink/510860321400944/
- 1PD
	- Napkin
		- Tracks 3 and 8 are primary funding
		- For Track 2, Lead Gen is high priority - to get funded - Damien's focus
		- 1PD napkin representation - our influence is becoming weaker
		- Napking submission doesn't matter too much for ROI or importance of getting funding, but for representation it is good
		- Long term - try to bundle 1PD w/ data flywheel - we get funding for data flywheel
	- 1PD + data flywheel
		- Track 4, 5, 7 - all under Li - so we are bundling
		- Track 2 - not under Li - so maybe don't bundle this stuff w/ data flywheel
		- Can you move projects to track 4? If you frame it as ML elevation
- 1-1 [[Imports/logseq-2023-04-06 sanitized for import/pages/Marvin Kim|Marvin Kim]]
	- SGI funding
		- Fred and Mohan initially said Track 3 and 8 are prioritized, but we set the expectation that other stuff is also coming up to be prioritized
		- Fred said capacity will be very constrained across the company; not enough datacenters
		- We want to focus on capacity neutral projects - those will be easier to fund
	- Data flywheel
		- Updated draft for Li + Krishna
		- Main issue is Infra alignment - on why we are circumventing existing system
	- 1PD napkin
		- Track 2 not understanding
	- 



## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```