---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-07-13
journal-end-date: 2024-07-13
journal-date: 2024-07-13
---


# Today's notes
```calendar-timeline
```
- Morning routine
	- [x] Exercise: 45m run 30/30
	- [x] Meditation: 5m 4-6
	- [x] Journal
	- [x] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
	- [ ] Habit tracker
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- This morning I woke up and exercised - long zone 2 - like 45 mins. Then I didn't immediately get to my morning routine after showering. Instead I got caught up in cleaning and organizing the house for quite some time. It wasn't too bad. I'd been meaning to do this for some time. Clearing out inboxes and stuff. Still more left to do, but it was a good start. Ideally I could have been intentional about it, but it's the weekend and I should do things that are fun! Or whatever I feel like at least. That's okay!
		- Got some cool ideas for AI side projects!
			- Create clone of myself with video and voice speaking other languages (e.g. Bengali)
			- Create AI voice chat character for podcast
			- Piyush AI clone 
		- What other interesting ideas did I learn?
			- Using groq for fast responses
			- Using VAPI for voice bots made easy
			- Using D ID to make talking head characters with voice
			- Using Eleven Labs and some similar open source tools to make AI voices and clone voices
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- Whom to reach out to today? Hmm... Responding to Nakul is one thing, but that's not a new outreach. New outreach has to be someone I haven't reached out to in a while. Who's there in family? Maybe Raju mama
	- Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- Do some personal tasks, then play pickleball, then socialize w/ Moni and fam.
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- N/A
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- Did all the things!
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- N/A
- Tools for [[AI voice clone]]
	- Eleven Labs 
		- - $5/mo - good reviews - supported by VAPI
		- Professional voice cloning starts at $22 / month plan
	- PlayHT
		- Low fidelity clone in free and cheap plans
		- High fidelity clone needs $99 / mo plan
	- Descript - unclear pricing
		- Read out loud a sample for them to clone my voice
		- Tested it - quality is okay. I'd rate it 5/10
		- 

# Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```