---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-09-09
journal-end-date: 2024-09-09
journal-date: 2024-09-09
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise - pickleball evening
	- [x] Meditation
	- [x] Journal 5-10m
	- [x] Connect
	- [x] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- Journal for 5 mins. Had a nice weekend in Sonoma with Piyush and Monika. Isha is at such a cute age now. She's at the age where she's really keen to interact with other people and play. Kind of like Ria now. But Isha is a bit more calm and chill.
		- Back at work with week. One week of working in SF. But even here we have two days off for the conference. Will need to plan how to approach those days. Will make a plan incorporating some breaks as well as which talks I want to attend. All that to say that some of my productivity will still be disrupted due to conference schedule. Make sure to account for that in planning for this week whatever I plan to do.
		- Then next week we're going to NYC. Then one week of regular work then off to India for a while. Still need to plan our travel schedule for the rest of the week too. Incorporate some relaxing time as well as some friends time. I wonder if we can make it to DC in our NYC trip? Will probably be challenging since it's a 4-hr trip. Would have made sense if we planned our flights around it, but we didn't do that now sadly. It's okay, will catch up more with Udit virtually and in person soon as well I'm sure.
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- [[Focusmate]] 10am
- Flywheel sync w [[Kanak Biscuitwala]] [[Guang Li]] [[Minghao]] [[Kash Patel]] [[Manish Singh]]
	- Risks
		- Infra concern: main concern is that they weren't looped in; we've looped them in and added them to HC ask, so it should be good
		- CSA vs. AdvGT
			- We have a clear story on how they are different: CSA impacts attribution semantics, but AdvGT doesn't
			- We don't have a clear story on how the vision is different wrt goals and objectives
	- Cat not replying on scheduling
- Meet w [[Lin Li]] and [[Yuhui]] on VO + SG Ranking
	- Start
- [[Focusmate]] 1500 - 1600
- Career growth
	- Hey NAME, hope you're doing well! Would you mind reporting the status of your career growth conversation for 2024-Q3 here please? Thank you! https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DBl_2qamTClWEq20GDRFCP6ojyV-b_tcPZcgrlIHhnQ/edit#bookmark=id.av7hnw6zr35j


## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```