---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-07-18
journal-end-date: 2024-07-18
journal-date: 2024-07-18
---


# Today's notes
```calendar-timeline
```
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise: Evening
	- [x] Meditation: 5m 4-6
	- [x] Journal 5-10m
	- [x] Connect
	- [x] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
	- [ ] Habit tracker
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- Got off to a not great start because I slept late mostly I think.
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- Let's knock this one out first. Who to reach out to? Try FB/LI.
		- Shonai - birthday
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 
- 1-1-1 w [[Praveen Sampath]] [[Mustafa Jaber]]
	- Intro
		- I brought the group together and set context
		- Mustafa appreciative of me bringing us together
		- Mustafa working on governance and compliance as part of the strategy
	- PXFN next steps
		- Mustafa signed up for Office Hours next week and gave them heads up
		- Doc
			- What are we trying to accomplish?
			- What data?
			- What models / use cases?
- 1-1 [[Yuhui]]
	- SAIL strategy
		- Peng + Sandeep org collaboration vision being worked on to align
	- PSML strategy
		- Shuai / Wenbo knows the attribution for features
		- Pick 1-2 sub-tracks to show results - that strategy has worked; then show overall framing for PSML; make PSML get importance for SGI with future potential
		- Ambiguity between other areas and PSML should go to PSML - e.g. TETRIS / CDML stuff
		- 
- 1-1 [[Xunlong Gui]]
	- Bi-weekly execution updates on PSML
	- HBT attribution for PSML
	- 
- HBT PSML
	- Hi all, could you please review the HBT results [A] and identify which proposals belong to your respective PSML areas [B]?
	  
	  I will update the HBT attributed GAS for proposals in each area.
- 1-1 [[Wenbo Dou]]
	- Offline SUM design needs to migrate to online SUM; may be some extra PXFN needs for ATT Attributed; need to ensure that upstream model doesn't have access to user level 3PD features; launch next half - want privacy approval this half
- 1-1 [[Phil Kim]] from [[Mentorcruise]]
	- Pipeline update
		- Lot of rejections
		- 55 remaining in pipeline
		- Still working on referrals for all of those
		- Applying to 5+ roles every day
	- Boston dynamics role
		- One of his dream roles
		- Recruiter call, then hiring manager call
		- Next step: case study + final round - to be scheduled in 2 weeks
- 1-1 [[Lea Yu]] and [[Candice Mizushima]]
	- Intro Lea
		- PM in Tak's Gen AI. Focus on zero to one projects over 7 yrs at Meta
	- Intro Candice
		- BPM in Ads and CAG for quite some time
		- Knows Kristen, Shyam, etc. well
	- About Ads AI
		- For internal sales people; crawling internal information to help sales people be informed about things
		- They want to also expand to more data sources like ours
		- Want to expand to in-market to people advising advertisers
	- Ads AI architecture
		- Internal vs. external apps are already separated
		- Marketing pros can type in account ID and ask a question about it; retrieve guidance for accounts based on a knowledge base; then they have a delivery debugging module
	- Technical side
		- They have eng who are staffed on data retrieval; also have a business engineer on this who is helping with data
		- Preliminary conversation with sales data CRM - starting to index data from there
	- Focus on advertiser level now
		- Next they want to do cohorts of advertisers - by verticals etc.
		- Or by products
- 1-1 w [[Letitia Lew]]
	- Tell me about yourself
		- Intro: 1m
			- Strong tech background; education > SWE > PM
			- Sustainability account platform; increase customer base by 200%
		- Next: 1m
	- Leading a xfn team
		- Pause: 1m15s+
		- Headline + context: 37s
			- led launch of sustainability certification
			- Client is sustainability company; customers are hotels
		- Actions
			- Figuring out which certifications
			- Technical feasability and cut down scope
			- Leading XFN team - design and developers
			- Research: Talked to SMEs and customers
			- Narrowed down to MVP
			- Built in two sprints
		- Impact
			- Increased number of acquisitions
			- Landed lot of enterprise customers and iterated


# Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```