---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-11-13
journal-end-date: 2024-11-13
journal-date: 2024-11-13
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [ ] Meditation
	- [ ] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Connect
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- Misc
	- [[Musescore]] custom notehead shemes
		- Only supports fixed schemes, cannot customize to sa re ga ma...
	- [[Nottu swaras]] - [[shakti sahita ganapatim]]
	- Note to [[Navaneeth - music]]
		- Hey, I decided to start learning beginner carnatic music starting with Nottuswaras by Dikshithar, because they seem to be very beginner friendly. I want to start with this one "Shakthi sahita Ganapathim" (see link) but I'm having some trouble understanding the notation
	- [[career coaching]] [[how to choose a career path]]
		- Brainstorm a large list of potential career paths you want to pursue
		- For each item on the list, start gathering info on what it takes to pursue that path, examples of people on that path, level of difficulty, etc.
		- As you discover more via step 2, eliminate items you don't want to pursue, and prioritize the top 2-3 career paths. 
	- [[RN life vision]]
		- 
- [[SGAI4P Summit Notes]]
	- Overall takeaways and follow-ups
		- New product: product extensions
	- Intro SGAI4P
		- Parish: Clarify horizontal tech
	- Dynamic Ads / Product Centric Advertising
		- About the product
			- Focus on ecommerce and product based ads
			- DA: develop product catalog and rank products
			- Prospector: product ranking pipeline to select top products
		- Qs
			- Sizing - timeline for goals?
			- Sizing - is this overall scope of DA or just the collaboration?
			- FuSG -> also look at SUPER
	- VO
		- Notes
			- Focus on onboarding new signals
		- Qs
			- What about non-SG AI work?


## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```