---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2024-07-30
journal-end-date: 2024-07-30
journal-date: 2024-07-30
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
	- [ ] Exercise
	- [x] Meditation
	- [x] Journal 5-10m
	- [ ] Tasks + Calendar + Focusmate
		- [ ] Todoist upcoming view: reschedule overdue to today, and pull in any new tasks; then switch to today view for rest of day
		- [ ] Calendar: write meeting agendas, fill in empty blocks with focusmate priorities
	- [ ] Habit tracker
	- [ ] Macrofactor plan
	- [x] Connect
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- My journal. What's on my mind? Had conversations about home buying with multiple people. Seems like buying as an investment is not the greatest idea for a home I want to live in. The kinds of properties that are good investments vs. the kinds that make it a dream home to live in are quite different. Let's further explore the rent for life theory. Suppose my parents do want to help with the home fund. If we set aside a million as housing fund, that will grow over time with the stock market. Or what if we set it aside as a rental fund? Or a rental growth fund? How much dividends can we get from investments? There's the 4% withdrawal rule right? So I need 25x annual rent payments or 20x to keep it in perpetuity, but I'm not sure if that counts for inflation. I think possibly not. 72k per year for rent would need around 1.5 mil to keep it going in perpetuity at that rate. That doesn't even account for inflation. I could ask chat gpt this question.
		- Also there's the other issues with home buying and especially with renting. Having to become a landlord is not the most appealing thing. Might seem interesting now, but I'm sure I'll grow to hate it at some point. Or at least find it quite frustrating.
		- Parents advice was to use more money and buy something that is a dream home, rather than something that I'm just settling for. This advice does kind of make sense. I should be very proud of the place, not just see it as an investment and maybe it shouldn't be a downgrade.
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- Talked to parents today; uday and paraj yesterday
	- [ ] Reflect: yesterday's journal
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Plan: What do do differently
		- 
	- Reflect: What went well today?
		- 
	- Reflect: What didn't go well today?
		- 

## Today's notes
- [[Focusmate]]
	- Daily planning
- SAIL update w [[Tosh Rayadurgam]]
	- SAIL x SEAR
- PSML HBT attrib
	- Launch proposal: 

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```