---
page-type: journal-daily
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-date: 2025-06-25
journal-start-date: 2025-06-25
journal-end-date: 2025-06-25
---

## Today's notes
- [[AI Alliance]] reply to [[Steven Pousty]]
	- Hey Steven, thanks for sharing! I agree with your overall position that "the market doesn't need another new place to build and host foundational pieces" and that AIA likely cannot rise above well established players in this space. I also like your proposal to focus on two objectives: (A) Written pieces on best practices and forward looking AI discussion topics; (B) Reference applications: to demonstrate best practices. Here are some questions / comments:
	- RE: Objective B (reference applications)
		- Agree with the overall goals you've laid out here, but we should align with the AIA Tools & Applications working group on prioritizing the specific applications to focus on. AllyCat is a good one, but we should figure out if the other two can map onto existing projects.
	- RE: Objective A (written pieces)
		- It might be worth expanding from "written pieces" to "content" more broadly which could include YouTube videos, conference presentations, tutorials, etc.
		- I would reverse the order of the two objectives you listed and start with reference applications. The content should then be grounded in the reference applications.
		- The content should also serve the purpose of driving reach and engagement for the reference applications.
	- In terms of AIA working groups, I think Objective B would be handled by the Tools & Applications working group. The Community working group should probably focus on objective A.
- 1-1 [[Hongyu Liang]]
	- Alpha launch
	- Interactivity between UI and agents
- Wiki structure
	- Root
	- AI4E User Wiki
	- AI4E Team-Internal Wikii


## Today's snippets


## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```