---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2025-01-24
journal-end-date: 2025-01-24
journal-date: 2025-01-24
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Reflect: what am I grateful for today?
		- 
	- Reflect: anything else?
		- 

## Today's notes
- Researching [[printing services]]
- Researching [[Meta internal RAG app]]
	- Post Q on XDB WP group
		- Title: How to create a "collection" for an existing XDB database?
		- The Python XDB retriever requires "collection_name" as input, and the documentation shows how to create a new database from scratch together with a collection: https://www.internalfb.com/intern/staticdocs/metagen/docs/api-reference/python/retrievers/xdb
		- Questions
			- Why is collection_name a required input for the retriever?
			- How to create a collection for an existing XDB database?
-  Call w/ [[Costco optometrist - Foster City]]
	- M-Sa: 9-6 (except Thursday 9-5)
	- Dao Eye Care Optometry - 650-899-0509
	- Scheduled for Sat 1st Feb - 5:20pm
- Issues w/ [[USPS]] at [[55 W 5th Ave]]
	- Noticed yesterday that one piece of mail (healthcare bill from Meritain) envelope was opened. It was like this when I opened the mailbox.
- Amazon review for [[Monika Bishnoi]]
	- Review
		- A Thoughtful Take on AI and Cognitive Adaptation
		  
		  Though I haven't read all the essays in this collection, Monika Bishnoi's chapter, The Cognitive Adaptation, stood out with its insightful and engaging explanation of AI's evolution from pattern recognition algorithms to autonomous agents. Monika introduces the concept of "cognitive adaptation," highlighting how humans can better understand and leverage AI’s capabilities. She outlines three evolutionary steps in autonomous thinking: (1) learning patterns, (2) generating reasoning and adapting, and (3) acting with reflection and planning. Through practical examples, the chapter demonstrates how AI progresses from recognizing patterns to autonomously performing complex tasks. It concludes by emphasizing the importance of humans adapting alongside AI to achieve a more productive and harmonious coexistence.
	- Notes
		- Though I haven't read all the essays in this collection, Monika Bishnoi's chapter, The Cognitive Adaptation, stood out with its clear and engaging explanation of AI's evolution from pattern recognition algorithms to autonomous agents. It's a thoughtful take on how humans can adapt alongside AI.
		- Monika introduces the concept of "cognitive adaptation," emphasizing how humans can better understand and utilize AI’s capabilities, and outlines three evolutionary steps in autonomous thinking: (1) learning patterns, (2) generating reasoning and adapting, and (3) acting with reflection and planning. These stages highlight how AI progresses from recognizing patterns to autonomously performing complex tasks. After discussing each evolutionary stage with examples, the chapter concludes by stressing the need for humans to adapt alongside AI to achieve a more productive and harmonious coexistence.
- 1-1 [[Imports/logseq-2023-04-06 sanitized for import/pages/Sagar Pilania|Sagar Pilania]]
	- Thanks for promo help!
	- 2025 goals - existing projects and new things
	- VO - existing stuff
		- SG Ranking work: PPML execution
		- How to expand scope of review? Don't bundle SG stuff; bundle RAI + SGRAI stuff as AI4P
	- VO Scalability
		- When budget scales, we get better performance by staying on CO rather than
		- What's the efficient frontier here?
		- Flexing workstream - internal objective switching
		- Work w/ Rakshit
	- Sagar's focus
		- Value QB - deep product work
		- V&C overall QB (like Ali for SGI) - 
			- execution + some special projects
			- Comparison to Google / TikTok
			- Applovin threat
		- MLX - 
			- ML excellence in CAG - kicked off by Shyam
			- Focus on ML SOTA
			- Collaborating w/ RAI Wenlin org on some areas: model arch, feature work, model consolidation
		- Adv AI
			- Personas
				- Enthusiasts / power users - they will already use it a lot
				- Non-enthusiasts - find high value use cases who get tremendous value from just using it few times per half - lit review, inbound analysis right after the inbound
- [[Meta PM interview]] w
	- Intro: 3.15-3.20
		- Icebreaker Q: tell me something that's not on your resume
		- Interview flow
			- 3 interviews > analytical thinking > 4 components
			- I'll do time management
			- Communication and sharing preferences
	- Product rationale: 3:20 - 3:28: Solid
		- + Started by defining Netflix's mission and articulated clear rationale for how podcasts fits into Netflix's mission: expanding entertainment options, getting into a growing podcast market, etc.
		- + Discussed Netflix's competetive advantages in this space: large subscriber base, knowledge of user preferences, mobile app distribution, etc.
		- - Failed to consider that podcasts is a two-sided market with users and creators; focused only on the user side
		- Raw notes
			- Assumptions: similar to games it lives under netflix app + subscription; professional podcasts licensed from creators; extension of existing strategy
			- Netflix mission: providing high quality and easily accessible entertainment
			- Podcast is aligned w/ mission as new source of entertainment; making content more accessible by serving different scenarios; podcasts is a growing market
			- Netflix's advantages: large subscriber base, knowledge of user preferences; lot of mobile app distribution
			- Business impact: new content helps w/ retention
			- Podcasts mission: increase user engagement w/ netflix by directing users to high quality podcasts
	- Goal setting: 3.28 - 3:35: Moderate
		- + Defined clear human language goals: getting more people to subscribe to Netflix, and retaining existing subscribers due to podcasts
		- + Prioritized retention over adoption based on impact to Netflix's overall goals; preventing churn has a bigger impact on Netflix revenue
		- - Failed to consider engagement as a key goal
		- - Failed to articulate separate goals for creators and users, or provide a rationale for why we should focus on one group
		- Raw notes
			- Netflix goal: people are entertained by podcasts
			- Adoption - gettting new customers
				- People who subscribe to netflix because of podcasts
			- Retention - retaining existing customers better
				- Current subscribers maintaining subscription because of podcasts
			- Value of increased adoption and retention is net positive over costs
	- Measuring and monitoring: 3.30 - 3.45: Moderate
		- - Started brainstorming an arbitrary list of metrics without any structure (e.g. structured by user journey or by adoption vs. engagement vs. retention); failed to provide clear structure even after probing
		- +/- Provided an arbitrary list of metrics with a clear-ish definition (e.g. number of monthly users who listen to podcasts > X threshold), but failed to answer follow up questions in a clear way (i.e. is the threshold number of podcasts vs. number of minutes?)
		- - Failed to provide clear criteria for prioritization of metrics 
		- Raw notes
			- Monthly subscription retention % of podcast users vs. non-podcast users
			- Daily active users listening to podcasts
			- Weekly podcast listening retention
			- Avg listening time per user per month
			- Engagement on podcasts (likes)
			- North star: number of monthly users who listen to X threshold
				- E.g. number of minutes over the month
				- E.g. number of completions
	- Evaluating trade-offs: 3.45 - 3.55: moderate
		- - Failed to identify downsides of the north-star metric prioritized; was able to identify few downsides upon probing (slow moving, may not be accurate, may not correspond to retention), but missed many key downsides (e.g. not indicative of healthy ecosystem)
		- + Evaluated trade-off between podcast engagement vs. movies/tv engagement by translating into common currency (impact on retention); rightly identified that cannibalization may be okay as a strategic short term loss in service of longer term goals
		- - Failed to consider overall ecosystem health between supply and demand side
		- Raw notes
			- Downsides of north-star metrics
				- It's slow moving 
				- Not clear if it corresponds to retention
				- We don't know if they're actually listening
			- User who listens to 1 podcast vs. many
				- many podcast makes you less of a churn risk
			- Podcasts vs. movies and TV
	- Closing: 3.55 - 4.00
	- Overall
		- Candidate was solid on product rationale but moderate on all other dimensions; was able to brainstorm goals and metrics, but struggled to clearly define them and prioritize them meaningfully
	- Reverse shadow feedback
		- I did a good job pushing conversation forward; used good probes and prompts to get to the signals
		- Flag: icebreaker question - risks of things you can / can't talk about
	- Intro to RS
		- Horizon - economy team - metaverse experiences transactions
		- Prior to that FB app
		- Horizon recommendations 
			- Mostly for younger audience - children and young adults
			- Metaverse for adults - bar / hangout / social connections
			- Music valley - concerts in 3d



## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```