---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2025-01-30
journal-end-date: 2025-01-30
journal-date: 2025-01-30
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Reflect: what am I grateful for today?
		- 
	- Reflect: anything else?
		- 

## Today's notes
- [[Pickleball]] league from Kevin
	- Hey, I'm interested in the Foster City Pickleball League for Winter 2025 [A] and wanted to ask a couple of questions:
	  
	  (1) Looks like the schedule is every Thursday at 7pm for 5 weeks starting Thursday February 20. Is it possible to reschedule a match if one of the team members is unavailable on one of the days?
	  
	  (2) Does the league use DUPR ratings and how do we ensure that players are at a similar level?
	  
	  Thank you very much!
- Web crawl MDS w [[Praveen Sampath]] [[Austin Mazella]]
	- Praveen's agenda
- 1-1 [[Guille Cobo]]
	- Agenda
		- Intro
		- AdvAI project - generalizability
	- Intro - Guille
		- 2 yrs at Meta (internship before that)
		- Work on AI + AI infra back-end clusters for GPU loads; 
		- AI stack from hardware to parallelism strategies for scaling workloads in distributed manner
		- Side projects
			- Interested in spending 10-20% time on side projects
	- Project idea: config safety
		- Sev-0 in December due to network issue
		- Use LLMs to understand if configs are intrusive - config safety
		- Context on our policies, context on device data, use to process config changes
	- Areas of interest
		- Improving productivity 
	- Misc
		- Friend in dev infra - heuristic / metric for developer productivity
- 1-1 [[Ken Ebbitt]]
	- PXFN for web crawl
	- Discuss feedback about moving fast
	- DMF tracker doc - strategy milestones
- LH opt-out usage w [[Wei Wu]] [[Jill Zhang]]
	- Need updated ETA and sizing
- 1-1 [[Andrew Saunov]]
- 1-1 [[Lin Li]]
	- Roadmap update doc
	- VO + CoreML review
	- Scalability issue
- Sensitive data discussion w [[Prateek Bhansali]] [[Guang Li]] etc.
- 1-1 [[Adam Czyzewski]]
	- Intro - day job
		- Smart glasses - look and tell me what you see
		- Deep seek is causing Zuck to push on our eng to improve LLAMA
		- Currently no time for side projects - because of LLAMA stuff and external interviewing
		- Lot of politics in his org because of leadership intervention and ambitious people coming into the org
		- External roles - looking for AI productionization ML generalist roles
	- Intro - side projects
		- RAG based AI assistants; LLAMA agent capabilities
		- Whatsapp team - developing personalization for Meta AI
	- [[Meta internal teams]]
		- Knowledge graph team
		- Whatsapp personalization AI team
- 1-1 [[Divam Anand]]
- 1-1 [[Jay Agrawal]]



## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```