---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2025-01-14
journal-end-date: 2025-01-14
journal-date: 2025-01-14
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Reflect: what am I grateful for today?
		- 
	- Reflect: anything else?
		- 

## Today's notes
- Note to [[Katya Dominguez]]
	- Hey Katya, I regret to to inform you that I'm unable to proceed with our mentorship. Your startup's needs are quite outside my area of expertise, and I don't feel comfortable advising you on business decisions that are outside my area of expertise. I would recommend seeking a mentor with expertise in early stage startups. I apologize for the inconvenience, and I wish you the best of luck with your journey going forward.
- Marvin Qs on PSC
	- DMF strategy
		- Bottoms-up (I was the only PM driving this): drove ideating, brainstorming, and sizing of proposals with Ranking + Eng + DS across Signals Processing + Signals Acquisition teams; connected to long-term proposals such as web crawl + semantic ranking
		- Top-down (I co-authored the strategy doc with Kash and we were equal contributors): developing the overall narrative and securing buy-in from SG leadership
	- VO execution
		- There were multiple fragmented efforts being explored to improve VO model across multiple orgs / roadmaps (VO, Signals, Ranking AI). Nikhil built alignment with the various teams to frame a v-team around a unified strategy and roadmap that is aligned w/ top-level V&C priorities. He drove v-team execution to accomplish more than they could have accomplished individually. 
		- "Collaboration with multiple ads product teams ... to navigate through the ambiguity and establish a clear path forward for the team." (Lin, promo doc)
		- Peer feedback reference: "Built and strengthened relationships with key stakeholders, particularly in Engineering and Product leadership, ensuring buy-in and support for future initiatives." (Tosh, PSC June 2024)
	- Consumer Journey execution 
		- 2024 execution validates the consumer journey strategy I developed in 2023 to expand signal usage from CoreML to broader models and applications. Peer feedback reference: "Nikhil propounded the framing for 1PD HVS strategy in terms of tech x signal x application. This is a powerful strategic framing ... on how to expand the workstream scope that would have been a vague goal otherwise. Example: led to the direction that we should explore new applications (related-ads, debiaser, ads-quality, etc.)" (Prateek, PSC Jan 2024)
- 1-1 [[Imports/logseq-2023-04-06 sanitized for import/pages/Apurva Pathak|Apurva Pathak]]
	- Intro
		- Paternity leave starting next week - Friday this week last date; returning on April sometime
		- PBH returning on the data Apurva leaves
	- Web crawl PXFN
		- Defined MVP scope for 
	- Random issues
		- Lack of uber-TL from SGRAI
		- Collab w/ non-SG
- [[Piano I | MUS 301 at SMC]]
	- 



## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```