---
page-type: journal-daily
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-date: 2025-07-07
journal-start-date: 2025-07-07
journal-end-date: 2025-07-07
---

## Today's notes
- Daily planning and review
	- Review
		- Did 2/4 fm sessions
		- 
- [[Focusmate]] 10 - 10.30
	- Process emails
		- Inbox processing - work
		- Work tasks
	- aia
		- Amit update
			- Hey Amit, wanted to share a quick update on this:
			- Beto is on a long PTO, and we've postponed the talk to August instead of July to have more time to find the right speaker.
			- Since Omar and Young have already done a lot of work for the evals, they are working to find another speaker from the team who can leverage their work for the presentation (possibly Kai or Justin). 
			- Also, I notice the weekly meeting series w/ AIA fell off the calendar. We discussed moving this to a bi-weekly series. LMK if you'd like me to set that up, or if you'd prefer to schedule it on your calendar.
		- Dev sync
			- Channel: llama-stack-devs
				- Hi all, I'm starting this channel to focus on dev efforts for fa3-llama-stack-agents.
				- I'm also setting up a weekly meeting for us to sync on Wednesdays 12:05 - 12:30pm PT. Please reply in this thread if this time doesn't work for you, and we adjust.
				- 
			- Parsa, Leah, Deniz, Roland, Anthony, Adam, Jon
				- "ANTHONY ANNUNZIATA" <ajannunz@us.ibm.com>; "Parsa Mirzaei" <Parsa.Mirzaei@ibm.com>; "Leah Zhang" <leah.zhang@ibm.com>; "Deniz Askin" <denizaskin@ibm.com>; "Roland Huß" <rhuss@redhat.com>; "Adam Pingel" <Adam.Pingel@ibm.com> "jstumpf@bu.edu" <jstumpf@bu.edu>
- Focusmate 11 - 11.30
	- lease renewal
	- smcc registrations
- Youtube feature request - podcasts + video
	- Youtube feature request: I want to create a single playlist / feed with a mix of videos and podcasts in a single app (either YouTube or YouTube Music).
	- YouTube PMs - can you please make this happen? 🙏 Or at least clarify why this isn't possible?
	- Some notes:
		- I want to group together podcasts (audio and/or video podcasts) and youtube videos, because I consume them in similar contexts: while exercising, doing chores at home, relaxing, etc.
		- I have a YT premium account (which includes YT Music), and I use the background play feature on both apps. Playlists are already shared across both apps, but items added from one app are often not playable in the other app. I just want to be able to consume the content on one app, regardless of which app.
		- My podcasts are a mix of YouTube native podcasts and RSS subscriptions, and a mix of audio and/or video podcasts.
- [[San Mateo Parks and Rec]] 2025-Q3
	- Tennis 
		- Sunday morning - open - but not ideal time?
			- I can do it as a backup
		- Weds evening - waitlist
	- College courses
		- Too late for summer
		- Fall will be cut short
		- Probably try again starting in Jan, and do some self study till then
- ai4e jarvis mockup
	- This is a mockup for AI4E Jarvis
- 1-1 [[Patrick Fitzgerald]]
	- Intro
		- At Meta 1 yr - fundraising team - promoting sustainable products, etc.
		- previously Hulu 8 yrs - started in front-end then moved gradually to back-end - working on subscription platform and gateway
	- Experiment quality
		- Context
			- All experiments go through long and complex canary process
			- Understanding what experiments work well vs. don't; identifying low-risk vs. high-risk experiments
			- Collaborate w/ Canary team on custom process adjusted by risk profile
		- Related projects
			- Related to diff risk tool - will reach out to that team
			- Partner w/ Canary - Gradual roll-out - start small then slowly expand
		- Goals
			- Increase experiment velocity
			- SEV prevention
		- NM Notes
			- seems very focused on safety and risk; need to think about other dimensions of Quality
	- Misc
		- Collab w/ fundraising team - we'll set up a custom dogfooding session w/ them to encourage adoption
- 1-1 [[Matt Boys]]
	- Intro
		- IG Stories Ranking; started in DS then PM on FB > IG
	- AI4A products
		- Analytics Agent
			- UI in metamate
			- Long term - they want to have their own UI destination
		- DEMate 
			- UI in VS Code
		- Analytics Coach - rebranded to Analytics Support - deprecated / deprioritized
	- Knowledge sharing
		- Metrics 
		- Launch plans
	- They started w/ closed alpha
		- Using DSS-4 data, so they need legal approval for sending this data to Claude etc.
		- Metamate doesn't let users share conversations with DSS-4
- 1-1-1 [[Leo Chen]] [[Hongyu Liang]]
	- Suggestions - loop in Bert into the strategy presentation (we had an exi)
- [[Meta PM interview]]
- 


## Today's snippets


## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```