---
page-type: journal-daily
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2025-05-22
journal-end-date: 2025-05-22
journal-date: 2025-05-22
---

## Today's notes
- Pat leave plans
	- My wife and I are expecting our first baby around November 10th 2025! I will plan to take ~2 months of paternity leave at that time, and the remaining ~2 months of paternity leave around June 2026.
- Brainstorm on DMF understand w/ [[Bishoy Yousuf]]
	- Bishoy's agenda!
- 1PD sync
	- Roadmap follow-ups
- DS support for 1PD Ads Data Use Workstream
	- Hey folks, wanted to call out some open items where we need DS support for 1PD Ads Data Use Workstream
- [[55 W 5th]] lease renewal
- 1-1 [[Hongyu Liang]]
	- Intro
		- Joined Meta 2013 - CPP ever since then - back then it was called growth and analytics
		- Spent lot of time on logging stack - user time spent, DAU, MAU, etc.
		- Then scope expanded to experimentation - Deltoid, QE, etc. - avoiding SEVs etc.
		- Since April this year he got into AI4Exp team
	- Product goals
		- Use our data to improve product goals and merics
		- Prioritizing use cases where customers can be more engaged w/them - e.g. MRS agent
		- Longer term ideas
			- How to get experiment metadata
	- Team setup
		- Tim owns experimentation platform overall - there's a TL under Tim
		- Separate team for AI4E - Tim is dotted line support
		- Org change - Abhishek's team is merging into Tim's org but different team
	- Challenges
		- High expectation of adoption rate vs. ground reality of low adoption
		- Analytics org boundaries - depend on a lot of data infra tools
	- My Qs
	- [[2025 PM interviews - Meta internal]]
	- 
	- Msg
		- Hi Hongyu, I was wondering if you have any flexibility to reschedule our 1-1 to another time today? Would any time between 10:30am - 1:30pm PT work for you? Or 9am PT? Apologies for the last minute request, but an important project roadmapping sync came up for me which conflicts with our original 9:30am slot! 
- 1-1 [[Nick Strumpf]]
	- Team change Qs
	- Inferred ML
		- Started w/ Krishna + JJ brainstorming about all kinds of personalized events we can get from advertisers - e.g. smart pixel web crawl, search and much more
		- Search event data was prioritized as the main use case
	- People set up
		- Nick transitioned to Kash on Signals side
		- Next steps - offline value study - execution
	- Strategy
		- Light on ranking strategy - need a deep dive into ranking strategy
- 


## Today's snippets
Follow up w/ [[Mark Maisenbacher]]
```txt
Hey Mark, some updates from my end:

- I had a great conversation w/ Hongyu today about AI 4 Experimentation product goals and challenges, and I'm definitely excited about the role!

- I just submitted my application to your position on the jobs tool

- I initiated a conversation with my manager to let him know that I'm exploring this new role and he is supportive

Look forward to hearing back from you on next steps!
```



## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```