---
habit-exercise: 
journal: journals-plugin daily
journal-start-date: 2025-01-26
journal-end-date: 2025-01-26
journal-date: 2025-01-26
---

## Timeline and tasks
```calendar-timeline
```
```todoist
name: Today's tasks - high priority
filter: "(today | overdue) & (!assigned to: Others) & (P1 | P2)"
show:
- due
- project
- labels
groupBy: project
```

## Today's journal
- Morning routine
- [[Daily journal]] 
	- Reflect: What's on my mind today?
		- 
	- Connect: reach out to someone
		- 
	- Plan: Today's top priorities
		- 
	- Reflect: what am I grateful for today?
		- 
	- Reflect: anything else?
		- 

## Today's notes
- [[Mindbloom - Ketamine]]
	- Pre-journey journal
		- Let go and be open; no specific intentions. Be open to whatever comes up. I am happy in life. I have everything I need. I just want to enjoy this experience and feel what comes up. No goals. 
	- Post-journey journal
		- I'm just finishing mi my journey. I still have my eyes closed in the eye maskj. Stil listening to the last few mins of the jon hopkins soundtrack which has a talk about sitting around the fire. Rukma woke woke me up from a small nap I think around five mins ago. 
		- What was my journey like? First I was wondering why I don't do this more often. It helps me connect with a deeper and different part of myself and the universe. A sself that knows that everything is alright. Aat peacew with the world and self.  A self that is not wanting or craving. I want to be more lik elike this self. 
		- I enjoy this sense of peace and connectedness to the universe that I feel. All of my projects - they are good - but they are not the most important thing. Maybe feeling music is one thing that can connect me with deeper emotional states. With this self that I want to connect to 
	- I want to connect with this self more often. I feel a ddeep sense of rest and peace. I want to make music that can help me reconne t to this state. Music is a good connection between different states of the world. I  alaready know that music can trasnport me to different times and places in my life. E.g. Listening to American Beauty takes be back to my first year at UChicago. Lik that t
	- Like that there is music that connects me to this self in the ketamine experience. I can connect to that outside the experience through the music.  How does he music work? I can think about this later
	- What did I experience in this journey? It started with a familiar feeling and sensation. The mouth sensation and taste first of all is so ma familiar. Then its' like the heads 
	- I'm spinning around and goin g into a rhuidean or spiritual realm type world. Everything starts spinning. All the anxieties and concerns of the mind are flowing into the msuic and the spinning visual. I am one with the flow. 
	- Thsi time towards the end I fell asleep a little big - i think it's a sign that I maybe haven'te been getting good sleep last week. Sleep debt.

## Other notes created and modified
### Notes created during journal period
```dataview
List file.ctime
where 
	file.cday >= date(this.journal-start-date) and 
	file.cday <= date(this.journal-end-date) and
	!contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.ctime desc
```

### Notes modified during journal period %% fold %%
```dataview
List file.mtime
where file.mtime >= date(this.journal-start-date) and file.mtime <= date(this.journal-end-date) + dur(1 day) and !contains(file.tags, "Omnivore")
sort file.mtime desc
```