---
title: 2020-W46
---

- [Mon 11/09]([[November 9th, 2020]]) || [Tue 11/10]([[November 10th, 2020]]) || [Wed 11/11]([[November 11th, 2020]]) || [Thu 11/12]([[November 12th, 2020]]) || [Fri 11/13]([[November 13th, 2020]]) || [Sat 11/14]([[November 14th, 2020]]) || [Sun 11/15]([[November 15th, 2020]])

- [[Weekly journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind this week?]]
		 - I came out on a beautiful walk with Rukma this morning. We're sitting on a bench on the Sammamish river trail and writing our diary entries. We're both gonna miss this place a lot when were gone from here. It's so beautiful!

		 - What are the things on my mind that I need to be doing or accomplishing? Work is going alright. My course is going alright. For the course I'll probably just need to dedicate some extra time to it over the next couple of weeks before we leave on Thanksgiving break. Or it could even be something I work on during Thanksgiving. Actually that also makes sense. Not much that I need to worry about on that front. Only some personal logistics issues are left then. One is the immigration issue. That's ongoing. I'm making very good progress on that already. Other than that we have the planning of the December trips and November trips. Yeah, those things seem fairly straightforward. Not much to be planned or done for now.

		 - Think longer term. In terms of work, the long term plan is that I need to focus on the independent project or business idea. Can discuss more with Piyush and Monika as well. What else. Yeah, that's the main thing on work for me. Also talk to Saurabh about targeting a promotion. Things are good.

		 - Ling term personal goals. What are they? Need to make a plan to start implementing digital minimalism goals. Transcendental meditation I already talked about. What else?

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish this week?]]
		 - Work: Check in doc and start prepping wikis for Anil team meetings

		 - Personal: Submit immigration docs; get back on track for exercise; plans for Nov / Dec

	 - [[What do I want to learn this week?]]
		 - Wrap up Twin Peaks podcasts, and start listening to Zen Mind and Radical Acceptance.

		 - Stop using iPad in bed and instead read kindle - start with Ka.

	 - [[What did I accomplish this week?]]
		 - Work - yes, did the check-in and it went great!

		 - Personal - got on track for immigration; completed plans for Nov / Dec; but fell off-track again for diet and exercise

		 - Did not stop using iPad in bed... at least started by deleting Reddit, that's a start! Will start reading Ka now!

	 - [[What did I learn this week?]]
		 - Started reading Radical acceptance. Will continue that and move on to Zen mind this week.
