- DONE Make video + guide for 593 + docker + VS Code
- [[Daily journal]]
	- {{[[POMO]]}}
	- [[What's on my mind today?]]
		- What IS on my mind today? I was having this discussion on Reddit just now with a PM seemingly from FAANG. It was about interviewing for PM roles, and he was saying that interviewing for FAANG PM roles is very competetive, even if you're a seasoned PM. You have to go through the whole cracking the PM interview guide - he also recommended some other prep resource. Anyway, apparently you really need to prep your stories AND the case method, it's a two-pronged thing. I'm rebelling against this, I feel it just can't be true, because why would anyone other than new grads or new MBAs / etc. be preparing for this case method thing? But he seemed knowledgible, so I should somewhat defer to his judgment. That sounds like a grind. If my next PM gig is going to be at a big company like that, then I def. need to have my stories prepped. Anyway, that's one thing at least that's on my radar I'm trying to get done. Rukma and I both have this on our radar. Making a skills framework and mapping our stories on to it. I can't be going into interview conversations completely cold without having that. It's not going to be good. Well, I don;t think it'll be too hard ,but it is something I have to do.
		- {DONE}} Save PM interview prep resource recommended by reddit guy #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects
		- To the otehr question, is that really what I want out of my career? To get a PM gig at another company? I'm not so sure. Well, there's the whole alt-career thing that I keep toying with. That and entrepreneurship. But I think either that's the direction, OR if we don't do that then it's either going to be upleveling to a large company like FAANG, or a really high growth startup that I believe in. That describes literally the universe of options out there. I don't think I've described anything meaningful, lol.
		- DONE Have a list of freewrite topics and goals for the week (e.g. x freewrites on life design / x freewrites on product management blog / etc.) #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Writing]]
		- What else other than PM careeer stuff? The MCIT stuff is going well. I think I'm getting into the M13 assignment. Hopefully I'll be able to complete it this weekend? I need a good 6 hours of work-time to focus on it. Not sure if that'll happen today. At least 4 hours minimum I need. Let me try to make that at least happen. I think I'm understanding the structure of what needs to be done. I'm getting into the linked lists.
		- Blog post + video on 593 dev setup #[[MCIT]]
			- I spent a lot of time fiddling with how to set up the best development environment for productivity, so I'm sharing what I learned. If I knew this at the beginning of the course (or the beginning of the programming part of the course) I think I would have benefited a lot. I would have saved a lot of time. Definitely don't do your homework in codio. It's a poor experience in terms of productivity. There's no reason to do it. Debugging with GDB in the command line is fine, but VS Code will integrate the GDB debugging experience into the GUI, which makes it much easier and much more intuitive.
			- Benefits:
				- Writing code: Compare the experience of writing code (syntax highlighting) on Codio vs. using a full featured text editor like VS code. Which one is better? It's clear. Show pictures; show a video.
				- Debugging code: Compare the experience of debugging on Codio vs. debugging in Codio. There's no comparison. Pictures and video.
				- VS Code extensions: VS Code is the most popular text editor out there for coders (compare to Vim and Emacs, I think it's the modern day equivalent). You get the power of really cool extensions like hexdump (which you'll use extensively in this course), auto-code formatting, and SO MUCH more!
				- Easier transition to the real-world: When you want to start building projects in the real world, the experience of setting up your development environment in VS Code is much more useful than the Codio toy experience.
	- [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		-
	- [[What did I accomplish today?]]
	- [[What did I eat today?]]
	- [[Anything else?]]
	- Reminder: complete yesterday's journal
- {DONE}} 593-m13 tests #Projects #[[Projects]]-MCIT
- Egg Khagina
	- Ingredients
		- Onion: 4
		- Tomato
		- Cilantro
		- Ginger garlic
		- Powder
			- Turmeric
			- Red chili
			- Cumin
			- Garam masala
	- Process
		- Onion
		- Tomato
		- Ginger garlic paste
		- Saute till tender
		- Powdered spices
		- Keep adding little water and saute till oil rises
		- Eggs, gently break yolk, add cilantro and methi, lower flame, cover for 10 mins