- Reading articles by [[Frederik Werner]]
	 - [How I build my Adobe Analytics Implementations](https://www.fullstackanalyst.io/blog/adobe-analytics/how-i-build-my-adobe-analytics-implementations/) 
		 - First define the business objectives and metrics of interest.

		 - Make a plan for how to get data that maps onto those metrics.

		 - Then implement the data collection and reporting.

	 - [Adobe Customer Journey Analytics – The big Game Changer
](https://www.fullstackanalyst.io/blog/adobe-analytics/adobe-customer-journey-analytics-the-big-game-changer/)
		 - CJA = AW/P with ANY data (not just AA data)

		 - Combine metrics and identify users across multiple report suites and domains. 

		 - Earlier, we needed data feeds to export data and analyze it elsewhere; CJA solves this problem
			 - "But even CDA can’t help for use cases where we don’t have matching user ids to stitch users across products or devices. This case would require us to use other criteria to identify users, like I [described before](https://www.fullstackanalyst.io/blog/open-source/building-an-enterprise-grade-opensource-web-analytics-system-part-4-data-processing/). This can’t be done by using Adobe Analytics alone, so we would need to export all data trough data feeds, do some processing, store it somewhere and make it available to analysts and business users."

	 - [My favorite Query Service tricks in Adobe Experience Platform for Customer Journey Analytics](https://www.fullstackanalyst.io/blog/adobe-experience-platform-query-service/my-favorite-query-service-tricks-in-adobe-experience-platform-for-customer-journey-analytics/)
		 - Can use QS to recreate CJA report numbers (eg. sessions) in AEP.

		 - Answer questions like "What is the 3rd action our users take on a certain page?"

		 - Problem: specifying schema in CTAS queries and respecting namespace 

- Meeting with [[Frederik Werner]]
	 - About
		 - Analytics, big data, data science.

		 - DONE Next week session with Wouter - CJA / platform - get added

	 - Journey from AA to CJA
		 - Cross device and cross domain analytics.

		 - Alternative solution was homegrown solution using GBQ.

		 - Exported everything with data feeds

		 - Then discovered CJA

	 - CJA vs. homegrown solution - limitationns of homegrown solutionn
		 - Huge pain to build everything ourselves.

		 - How to make it scalable.

		 - Need data scientists and sysadmins to make all that work.

		 - How to make it available and democratize the data; 

		 - Process was slow for others to get access to data.

	 - Advantages of CJA over GBQ, etc.
		 - Schema

		 - AW/P on ANY data

	 - Limitations of CJA vs. homegrown solution
		 - SQL is limited
			 - Want other ways of doing analysis on data other than SQL. Python would be better. Want scripting access. Alternative would be ADFs.

		 - Need query orchestration

	 - Query service vs. CJA - advantages of QS
		 - Visit number dimension in CJA - want to have it both as a number and string. Need to do data manipulation / data preparation. 

		 - Customizing specific features of CJA (like modifying session timeout, next / previous, etc.)

		 - Customize sessionization functions. UDFs. Minor modifications to sessionization (e.g. don't start at 1); otherwise he needs to do this processing outside 

	 - Query Service
		 - Perfect addition to that. Can build any additional CJA features that he wants.

	 - Problems
		 - Need post-values in AEP. Unable to recreate post-values from mid-values. 

	 - Frederik's list of problems with QS
		 - Why QS is sometimes very slow and sometimes blazingly fast? (Try using third party tools)

		 - Too many random error messages on Platform UI

		 - DONE Want relational sub-queries; e.g. SELECT user ID and concatenate all pages from that user ID. Not sure if this is not supported. Get query. #[[Projects]]-QS-misc #Projects

		 - When list contains only 1 item, it doesn't display properly, it needs to be wrapped in an array. Same feedback from EY.

		 - Transparency about known issues. It's hard to know if he's doing somethig wrong, or if there's a known bug.

		 - Hard to get feedback on errors related to schema issues. Either has to write data into new dataset (can't change schema). Why can't you change the schema after writing a dataset? "- Need post-values in AEP. Unable to recreate post-values from mid-values." Error shows up for a fraction of a second (need to take quick screenshot).

		 - Ad-hoc schema datasets are unusable for CJA, because can't define timestamp or identity field.

	 - DONE Create joint Slack #[[Projects]]-QS-misc #Projects

	 - DONE Summarize Frederik call notes #[[Projects]]-QS-misc #Projects 

	 - Agenda
		 - What are your use cases?

		 - Pain points?
			 - ADFS?

- Kamal datasets copy
	 - Source org
		 - IMS org name: Luma

		 - IMS org ID: 178C4BC05BA74CFD0A495DB6@AdobeOrg

		 - Sandbox: Prod

	 - List of dataset names (table names) to copy
		 - aep_basic_fact_omnichannel_custom_events

		 - aep_basic_fact_omnichannel_events_demo

		 - aep_demo_dim_call_details

		 - aep_demo_dim_channel

		 - aep_dim_eventtype

		 - aep_dim_gender

		 - aep_dim_loyalty

		 - aep_dim_products

		 - aep_dim_sourcedata

		 - aep_dim_store

		 - aep_dim_unique_geocodes

		 - luma_basics_iot_interaction_events_api

		 - luma_basics_mobile_interaction_events_api

		 - luma_basics_pos_transaction_events_api

		 - luma_basics_profile_data_api

		 - luma_basics_web_interaction_events_api

	 - Destination org
		 - IMS org name: Luma PM

		 - IMS org ID: E95186D65A28ABF00A495D82@AdobeOrg

		 - Sandbox: luma-demo-dashboard

- DONE Can you do scheduling via Jupyter? #QS-Demo #[[Projects]]-QS-Collateral #Projects

- Meeting with [[Brian Pong]] on Identity export
	 - Owns the identity algorithms and identity exports.

	 - Relationship between profile and identity
		 - Identity builds the graph between identities

		 - Profile stitches events based on the above graph

	 - Field based stitching
		 - CJA is building an identity map using Query Service and AA field based stitching algorithm

		 - Legacy AA customers have lots of eVars which they want to use for stitching.

		 - CJA built a tool that takes this eVar information, puts it in a table, etc. and package it as field based stitching graph.

	 - UIS and FBS PPC
		 - Shared device support for private graphs PPC: building shared device logic into UIS.

		 - PPC being pushed to November.

		 - UIS will create identity graph export; CJA will be a consumer

		 - How to configure identity graph? Introducing a UI for customers to select algorithm - one option is FBS (a.k.a. "device splitting").

		 - CJA will start adopting this solution, but it won't meet all customer needs. (e.g. some AA customers have not deployed ECID).

	 - Identity Configuration UI
		 - Configuration done on overall identity graph; not sure if it requires SQL.

	 - EQS dependencies
		 - Figuring out the export format.

		 - We need to use the export format to do stitching on top of it.

	 - JIRAs
		 - Overall Roadmap: CORE-43208

		 - UI roadmap: PLAT-71198

		 - Export: CORE-51406

- DONE Identity export update for Meera, Anurag

- Working on [[MCIT-594]] M6
	 - Find: isBalanced\(([^)]*)\)

	 - Replace: isBalanced(testBST.findNode($1))

- [[Family tree app]]
	 - Fields
		 - First name

		 - Last name

		 - Nickname

		 - Birth date

		 - Anniversary date

		 - Photo

	 - Features
		 - Cross-platform app

	 - Apps
		 - https://www.myheritage.com/pricing - free up to 250

		 - 
