- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - Woke up pretty late today. Why the struggle waking up? Well, think to the struggle in sleeping. The two go hand in hand. Sleep late and then the wake up time will also be late. Obviously.

		 - Today begins the hackathon! What do I want to do to begin. I just want to do only the training on Colab I think. Everything else should be done locally. Just the training is online. OK. Maybe I can set things up such that it's ready to start training in Colab? One decision is whether or not to use the pre-made faces. Maybe to start with we can use that and then later train our own. But that's one data prep step that would actually be nice to do. In that case, I want to do it locally? It's too much disk space! So here is one place where we could try using GCP or some such platform where I can get a deep learning VM. Why not let me try that out. Maybe use the old GCP instructions or figure out on my own. What about the initial download? Where should I download the images? Well, aren't I trying the initial part with just the faces? Yeah, I suppose that's right, we are just trying the faces to start with. I think I should also download just so that it's there somewhere, and won't have to worry about spending time downloading later.

		 - What else is going on today? In the morning I'll spend some time cleaning up the CJA deck, and then I'll hardly have any time left for anything else. Well, I do have another hour blocked after the Bret meeting where I could do something. I think I should make progress on enterprise sync and chained queries. Call it the Keshav stuff. Those are two meaty things that I can do today that would be meaningful. for work. Then I have time in the afternoon to do hackathon stuff. Well, I also do have to do my EMBA stuff. BLah! That could be something on the side as a multitasking activity. What I need to do for this is quite vague actually, but let me see. The case study part is not so easy. There's Rukma's therapy, which I should plan for. Move down early so that I can keep working. Go down before 6pm, around quarter to, which will give me enough time to set up so that I can keep working. Yes, that's a good plan. And in the morning? I'm just going to do a bit of meditation and stretching. That's good. Then I can do some work stuff.

		 - What's far out on these issues? What else is going on? Why am I not at peace totally? That's just how I am I guess? Not a big deal.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - Keshav update

		 - CJA deck

		 - EMBA

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- {DONE}} FW: Team International AEP Demo & Enablement - Update #[[Projects]]-Work-misc #Projects
	 - I highly recommend watching this Architecture whiteboard of AEP which @ktukker recently shared. My key takeaway was that we need to distinguish between two components of an organization's Enterprise Architecture:

	 - Organization's Big Brain (e.g. enterprise data lake on AWS / GCP / etc.)

	 - Organization's Brain for Activation and Orchestration (e.g. AEP)

	 - Both have different purposes, but need to be in sync.

	 - I highly recommend watching this Architecture whiteboard of AEP which @ktukker recently shared. My key takeaway was that we need to distinguish between two components of an organization's Enterprise Architecture:

	 - Organization's Big Brain (e.g. enterprise data lake on AWS / GCP / etc.)

	 - Organization's Brain for Activation and Orchestration (e.g. AEP)

	 - Both have different purposes, but need to be in sync.

- [[Bi-Weekly | CJA/Query Closed Loop]]
	 - Participants:

	 - Discussed Home Depot conversation and paintpoints. They spend a lot of time getting SQL to match AW/P UI.

	 - {DONE}} Meera share Query Service competetive assessment

	 - Getting a lot of questions from the field about GCP, BQ, GA comparisons.

	 - Explore 

	 - Agenda
		 - Query Service performance issues for large CJA customers (Nikhil, Trevor)

		 - SQL Prep Overview (Nikhil)

- {DONE}} query-service-demo sandbox for Mathieu #[[Projects]]-QS-Collateral #Projects #2020-W37 #Waiting
	 - IMS Org Name: Luma PM

	 - IMS Org ID: E95186D65A28ABF00A495D82@AdobeOrg

	 - Sandbox name: query-service-demo


- SQL Data Prep Sync: Keshav / Nikhil with [[Keshav Vadrevu]]
	 - {DONE}} Schedule meeting on SQL prep with Anil, Aniket, Keshav, me check with [[Anil Malkani]] #QS-Batch #Projects #2020-W36

	 - Discussed the wiki on SQL prep requirements.

- Dave / Nikhil: AEPQS-CJA Sync with [[Dave McNamee]]
	 - Query performance for CJA customers
		 - AA DWH use cases (more general purpose than CJA) need to be supported in QS; these are not interactive use cases; more like batch. If we can get ADFs, etc. to line up, we can make progress towards replacing AA DWH.

		 - Customers don't understand time partitions.

		 - {DONE}} Expand bret wiki: AA DWH replacement, etc. (https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=DMSArchitecture&title=Support+for+Analytics+Data+Warehouse+Query+Types) #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #Projects #2020-W36 [[September 4th, 2020]]

		 - 

	 - Cost model

	 - Agenda
		 - Entitlements

		 - Cost model

- Sync-up: Anil / Nikhil with [[Anil Malkani]]
	 - Grafana metrics
		 - Session cost (avg session count)

		 - Anil will share old xl sheet, and then we'll work together on the new one

		 - Within IMS org, we can have service principle vs. user access

	 - Trust
		 - PES is defined on profile. How will enforcement happen on exported data?

		 - How are they maintaining lineage? We need to track the lineage.

	 - Agenda
		 - Cost model and entitlements

		 - Trust

		 - SQL Prep

		 - CJA issues / performance benchmarks

		 - Weekly sync

- [[QS-DDOM]] meeting

- Query Collateral checkpoint with [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - {DONE}} Update CJA deck from Meera feedback #[[Projects]]-QS-Collateral #2020-W35 #Projects [[August 28th, 2020]]

	 - Background and challenges
		 - My slides cover the challenges that CJA is solving.

		 - But what about the other challenges that even CJA is not solving?

		 - Extend this to say that we want to support expert persona

	 - GTM
		 - DSW, Profile Intelligence

	 - Agenda
		 - Should we loop in PMM?
