- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] {{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - Feeling a little under the weather today. Slept in until about 10am. Not on top of my productivity game.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - 12pm: heavy lunch with meat + beans + salad + chorizo

		 - 6pm: heavy dinner with all the same things. Plus lots of ice cream.

		 - I need to start tracking my calories every day. This is getting a bit out of hand.

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- [[Product Management Mentorship]] call with [[Derek Chiao]]
	 - What opportunities to take advantage of at Yale for tech?

- [[AEP Trust]] [[QS-Batch]] meeting with [[Shidhin]]
	 - {DONE}} Update trust wiki #QS-Batch #Projects

	 - By default - we propagate all labels

	 - Add data masking based on labels - 

	 - Add consent attributes

	 - Check out Immuta - data governance for SQL

	 - {DONE}} Set up meeting with Mubin, Sandeep, Shidin, Anil M on Trust #QS-Batch #Projects

- 1:1 with [[Dave McNamee]]
	 - ADF Parity
		 - Product documentation has a list

		 - Talk to Trevor

		 - Talk to Chris Luby; and Josh Butikofer

	 - Dave vs. Trevor
		 - Dave: Until data ingested into Ares

		 - Trevor: Everything after ingestion into Ares

	 - Data feeds
		 - Use case: customers want to hydrate data lake with AA data

		 - E.g. [[Home Depot]] is very dependent on data feeds; they pay consulting to optimize the data feed so they can get it as quickly as possible. 
			 - DONE Talk to Bryan Skelton - Home Depot data feeds consultant; also can explain ADF parity. #Someday #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #Projects

	 - Agenda
		 - I spoke to Marijka

		 - CJA requirements

- 1:1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - {DONE}} Get wiki on orchestration requirements for dashboards

	 - Triggered queries use cases examples
		 - Basic requirement: chained triggering based 

		 - Has number of profiles increased by a certain %? If yes, export that delta.

	 - GTM limits for [[QS-Batch]]
		 - GTM model is flat rate (i.e. no cap on hours)

		 - Create model for usage limits

	 - [[QS-CJM]]
		 - CJM creates customer journeys based on Campaign / Sierra.

	 - Causality analysis
		 - Schedule meeting with Gaurav, Shiv, Anil M, Saurabh, Saptho on causality

	 - {DONE}} Set up time with KT on QS GTM

- [[EMBA]] W7: Enhancing Decision Making and Building Information Systems
	 - Discussion 1
		 - Response {{word-count}}
			 - Benefits of Tableau

According to Tableau, some of the top benefits of using a Business Intelligence (BI) system such as Tableau include: (1) Faster analysis, (2) Data-driven business decisions, and (3) Trusted and governed data, (“The Top 7 Benefits of Business Intelligence,” 2020). I will briefly explore each of these points below.

(1) Data-driven business decisions: Business decisions that are based on data are superior to business decisions that are based on gut feelings, intuitions, and heuristics. However, business managers often don't have access to the required data for making decisions, hence they have to rely on the less efficient factors. With Tableau, business decision makers can have the required data on a dashboard at the click of a button.

(2) Faster analysis: Even when companies have all the data required for making business decisions, analyzing the data for the required format may require days or weeks of analysis, whereas business decisions may need to be made on a much shorter time scale. With Tableau, the analysis can be done by the business user without having to rely on external analysts, thus speeding up the process.

(3) Trusted and governed data: A recent survey of business decision makers found that "only one third trust the analytics they generate from their business operations" (Lindzon, 2016). Having data and analytics alone is not sufficient. The decision makers need to trust that the data and analytics are accurate, else they will revert to non-data driven methods of business decision making.

References

The Top 7 Benefits of Business Intelligence. (2020). Retrieved from https://www.tableau.com/learn/articles/business-intelligence/enterprise-business-intelligence/benefits

Lindzon, J. (2016, November 4). Why Executives Don’t Trust Their Own Data And Analytics Insights. Retrieved from https://www.fastcompany.com/3065294/why-executives-dont-trust-their-own-data-and-analytics-insights

		 - Prompt
			 - Business leaders are continually looking for more streamlined methods of displaying current company data in executive information systems to aid in decision making. Take a look at the information presented in the link below:

			 - https://technologyadvice.com/business-intelligence/

			 - Select one of the business intelligence systems presented in this link, research more about it and present what you find in this discussion. How can this particular system be of benefit in your current organization?

	 - Discussion 2
		 - Response {{word-count}}
			 - Adobe Experience Platform: A decision support system for marketers

Modern day marketers in the web and mobile economy of today are constantly trying to figure out how to deliver personalized experiences for their customers. When a customer visits a company's website, rather than showing a generic selection of products and services to the customer, marketers want the customer to see the products and services that are most relevant to the customer's interests, and which therefore the customer is most likely to purchase. But how do marketers figure out which products and services to show to any given customer? They need a decision support system to help them do this. One great example of such a decision support system is Adobe Experience Platform.

Adobe Experience Platform is a customer data platform that "uses AI-driven insights to help [marketers] to deliver the right experiences across every channel" (“Adobe Experience Platform,” 2020). The platform collects data from several different sources (including web analytics, mobile data, in-store purchase data, call center data, etc.) and uses this data to build a unified profile of the customer across various touch-points. Based on this customer profile, Experience Platform further runs machine learning and AI on top of the data to derive predictive insights for decision support (Lindberg, 2018). Thus, the platform can be sued to predict for any given customer, what products and services they are most likely to purchase, therefore the website can be customized and personalized to show these specific products and services to the customer, rather than a generic set of products and services. This is an example of a decision support system at work.

References

Adobe Experience Platform. (2020). Retrieved from https://www.adobe.com/experience-platform.html

Lindberg, O. (2018, October 2). The Adobe Experience Platform: The Goals, Benefits, and Key Characteristics of Successful Cloud Computing. Retrieved from https://medium.com/adobetech/the-adobe-experience-platform-the-goals-benefits-and-key-characteristics-of-successful-cloud-c1a68f21d4f9

		 - Prompt
			 - Review the article below:

			 - https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/decision-support-system.asp

			 - With Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) continuing to become a part of the business technology landscape, research and identify a decision support system which utilizes one of these technologies today, and discuss how such a tool can benefit business.

	 - Week 7 Assignment: DSS for Financial Planning
		 - Response {{word-count}}
			 - Introduction
				 - In this essay, I will first use the Social Security Quick calculator to calculate my social security benefits (based on the information provided in the assignment). This will help me understand how much more I need to save in addition to my Social Security benefits to meet my target income of $60,000 per year. Then I will use the Financial Planning DSS tools provided by CNN and Kiplinger to calculate how much I will need to save in order to meet my retirement goals. I will critique each one of the tools based on the features provided and how useful it is for my purposes.

			 - Social Security Quick Calculator
				 - As a first step, I will use the Social Security Quick Calculator (“SSA Quick Calculator,” 2020) to determine my Social Security Benefit Payments in the future once I enter retirement. On the website, I enter the following data:
					 - Date of birth: 01/01/1970 (since I am 50 years old)

					 - Retirement date: 01/01/2035 (since I want to retire in 15 years)

					 - Select to see your benefit estimate in: today's dollars (we select this input because this is what is needed for Kiplinger's tool later on)

				 - Once I enter the above data and click on "submit request", the result I get is as follows: "Your estimated monthly benefit amount, beginning at age 65 and 1 month in 2035, is $2,146.00. For your estimate, we assumed future increases in prices or earnings." To annualize this amount, I simply multiply the monthly amount by 12, which yields: 2,146.00 / month = $2,146.00 * 12 / year = $25,752. Given that my target retirement income is $60,000 / year, this leaves me with a balance of: $60,000 - $25,752 = $34,248 / year. This is the target amount that I will need to generate using my own savings. I will now use the tools provided by CNN and Kiplinger to determine how to generate this income by using my savings.

			 - CNN Money
				 - CNN Money has several calculator tools available in the retirement section of its website. The following tools are available (“Retirement Calculators: Get a retirement plan - Money Magazine on CNNMoney.com,” 2020):
					 - [What you need to save](https://money.cnn.com/tools/saveyoung/index.html)

					 - [How fast will your savings grow?](https://money.cnn.com/tools/savingscalc/savingscalc.html)

					 - [How much will you need?](https://money.cnn.com/tools/retirementneed/retirementneed_plain.html)

					 - [Can you retire early?](https://money.cnn.com/tools/retireyoung/index.html)

					 - [How does your net worth compare?](https://money.cnn.com/tools/networth_ageincome/index.html)

					 - [When will you be a millionaire?](https://money.cnn.com/tools/millionaire/millionaire.html)

					 - [Get income for life](https://money.cnn.com/tools/annuities/index.html)

					 - [Compare cost of living in 2 cities](https://money.cnn.com/tools/costofliving/costofliving.html)

					 - [Get the right asset allocation](https://money.cnn.com/tools/assetallocwizard/assetallocwizard.html)

				 - Of the available calculator tools, the one that is most relevant to our question seems to be the [What you need to save](https://money.cnn.com/tools/saveyoung/index.html) tool. When we click into the tool, we are asked to enter the following input (“Savings Calculator - CNNMoney,” 2020):
					 - Your current age: 50

					 - Your current annual salary: 85000

					 - Your current savings: 0

				 - As a result, it tells us that "What you should save each year: $25,840." However, this information is not particularly useful to us, because it works only on the following assumption: "How much to put away each year if you hope to retire at 65 with 80% of your pre-retirement income" (“Savings Calculator - CNNMoney,” 2020). It does not allow the user to specify what percentage of pre-retirement income is the user's desired income. Neither does it allow the user to specify anything about Social Security. So I have no way of subtracting the Social Security amount calculated in the previous section and only calculating how much extra I need to save. Therefore, for my purposes, the CNN Money tools are not very useful.

			 - Kiplinger
				 - The Kiplinger website's tools section shows a similar selection of tools to what we saw in the CNN Money Tools website. The most relevant tool for our purposes seems to be the Retirement Savings Calculator tool (“Retirement Savings Calculator: How Much Money Do I Need to Retire?,” 2017). As soon as we click into the tool, we immediately see that it is much more sophisticated than the CNN tool in terms of the number of inputs it allows the user to enter and the amount of flexibility it offers. We enter the following inputs:
					 - Current gross income: $85,000

					 - Years until you begin retirement: 15

					 - Percentage of current income you want to replace: 70 (because I want $60,000 in retirement, which is roughly 70% of my current income)

					 - Monthly Social Security income: $2,146.00 (this is what was calculated in the first section using the SSA calculator)

					 - Leave all other settings to their default value.

				 - Based on this input, the answer given is: "How Much You Should Be Saving Each Month: $2,958.00". On an annualized basis, this translates to $2,958.00 * 12 = $35,496 / year. Notice that this amount is roughly equivalent to what we calculated in the first section of this essay by subtracting the SSA amount from our desired annual retirement amount of $60,000 per year. Therefore, the Kiplinger tool is the best tool for our purposes, because it allows for the parameters we want to use.

			 - References
				 - SSA Quick Calculator. (2020). Retrieved from https://www.ssa.gov/OACT/quickcalc/

				 - Retirement Calculators: Get a retirement plan - Money Magazine on CNNMoney.com. (2020). Retrieved from https://money.cnn.com/retirement/tools/

				 - Savings Calculator - CNNMoney. (2020). Retrieved from https://money.cnn.com/tools/saveyoung/index.html

				 - Retirement Savings Calculator: How Much Money Do I Need to Retire? (2017, October 2). Retrieved from https://www.kiplinger.com/kiplinger-tools/retirement/t047-s001-retirement-savings-calculator-how-much-money-do-i/index.php

		 - Prompt
			 - For this week's assignment, you will go about planning for your hypothetical retirement using web-based decision support systems (DSS) for financial planning and decision making. Follow the steps below and use the provided websites to determine how much you need to save to have enough income for your retirement. Assume that you are 50 years old and plan to retire in 16 years. You have one dependent and $100,000 in savings. Your current annual income is $85,000. Your goal is to be able to generate an annual retirement income of $60,000, including Social Security benefit payments.

			 - 1. To calculate your estimated social security benefit, use the Quick Calculator at the Social Security Administration Web site [here](http://www.ssa.gov/planners/benefitcalculators.htm).

			 - 2. Use the financial tools available on one of the following web sites to determine how much money you need to save to help you achieve your retirement goal.

			 - [CNN Business](http://www.cnnmoney.com/)

			 - [Kiplinger: Finance Advice and Business Forecasts](http://www.kiplinger.com/)

			 - 3. Critique the site—its ease of use, its clarity, the value of any conclusions reached, and the extent to which the site helps investors understand their financial needs and the financial markets.

			 - 4. Now use the other site. How does it compare to the site you initially chose?

			 - Create a 2-3 page essay in which you respond to all of the above items. Your essay should follow APA format.

			 - Due: Sunday at midnight, CT

			 - Points possible: 50

	 - CPT
		 - Topic
			 - Enhancing Decision Making and Building Information Systems

		 - Description
			 - Executives, managers, and employees have to continually upgrade and enhance their decision-making skills to keep up with the competition and the marketplace. As the text says, “You can be more efficient and competitive if, like Moneyball, you know how to use data to drive your decisions.”

			 - Business process design has a long history in American management. In today’s digital environ­ment, over 80% of the $800 billion business consulting industry involves business process design, redesign, and process re-engineering.

			 - Business process redesign (BPR) has taken on a negative reputation over the years, mostly because it usually results in job losses. Massive projects for both BPR and paradigm shifts are often less successful than originally planned because the organizational changes are so difficult to manage.

			 - This section discusses different ways to manage organizational change. There are four common forms of organizational change and the risk/reward of each one. From simple automation to the more drastic paradigm shift, each one requires careful management of the effects these changes have on people.

		 - Subtopics
			 - What are the different types of decisions and how does the decision-making process work?

			 - How do information systems support the activities of managers and management decision making?

			 - How do business intelligence and business analytics support decision making?

			 - How do different decision-making constituencies in an organization use business intelligence?

			 - What is the role of information systems in helping people working in a group make decisions more efficiently?

			 - How does building new systems produce organizational change?

			 - What are the core activities in the systems development process?

			 - What are the principal methodologies for modeling and designing systems?

			 - What are the alternative methods for building information systems?

			 - What are new approaches for system building in the digital firm era?

		 - What did I learn
			 - This week I learned how organizations use business intelligence tools (such as Tableau) to aid to help them make better informed and data driven decisions. I also learned about how organizations use decision support systems to help them make better managerial decisions. In this week's assignment and discussions, I got hands on with comparing and contrasting the pros and cons of various business intelligence tools and decision support tools.

		 - Adobe
			 - As a Product Manager for Adobe Experience Platform (AEP), this week's coursework was extremely relevant to me, because AEP is itself a type of decision support system. AEP is a customer data platform that "uses AI-driven insights to help [marketers] to deliver the right experiences across every channel". Therefore, as a Product Manager for AEP, it was extremely helpful for me to learn about how other organizations make use of business intelligence and decision support systems.

		 - 

- [[EMBA]] W8
	 - Discussion 1
		 - Response
			 - According to the Standish Group, the top factors of successful projects are: "User involvement; Executive management support; Clear Statement of Requirements; Proper planning; Realistic expectations" (__The Standish Group Report 83.9% of IT Projects Partially or Completely Fail__, 2019). I definitely agree with this list and would like to add some color based on my experiences.

User involvement: I believe this is the most important factor, because at the end of the day it is your users that will determine whether or not the project is successful. Have you correctly identified your users' problems and pain points? Have you come up with a solution that addresses these in a use friendly manner? This will determine your project's outcome.

Executive management support: I believe this is the second most important factor. Without executive management support, even if you have correctly identified the user problems and the required solution, it will be extremely difficult to execute on the project, because it needs to be prioritized by the executive management, and they need to allocate the required budget and resources to ensure the success of the project.

References

__The Standish Group report 83.9% of IT projects partially or completely fail__. (2019, February 20). Open Door Technology. https://www.opendoorerp.com/the-standish-group-report-83-9-of-it-projects-partially-or-completely-fail/

		 - Prompt
			 - Please review the latest Standish Group Chaos report for IT projects:

			 - [https://www.opendoorerp.com/the-standish-group-report-83-9-of-it-projects-partially-or-completely-fail/ (Links to an external site.)](https://www.opendoorerp.com/the-standish-group-report-83-9-of-it-projects-partially-or-completely-fail/)

			 - What do you think about the CHAOS study’s list of items that made projects successful or failures? Do you think there are better definitions of success besides meeting scope, time, and cost goals? What have you experienced with IT projects that led to success or failure?

	 - Discussion 2
		 - Response
			 - According to the Project Management Institute, "a good project should not reflect only tactical excellence, but also strategic importance" (__Align Project Management with Organizational Strategy__, 2020). This highlights the importance of aligning IT projects with overall business strategy. Without this alignment, the firm would have no solid criteria for evaluating whether or not to embark upon any particular project. A firm would lose focus, and would end up pursuing any and every project that seems to be profitable. Financial metrics would become the only ones that mattered. So how does a firm ensure that it's IT projects are aligned with the overall business strategy? One such method or framework is known as the Balanced Scorecard.

According to a Harvard Business Review article, the Balanced Scorecard provides a method of "going beyond traditional measures of financial performance" to "systematically link current actions with tomorrow’s goals" 
(__Using the Balanced Scorecard as a Strategic Management System__, 2015). This scorecard can be used by a firm's executives and management to determine not only whether an IT project will be successful financially, but it will also determine whether or not the project is aligned to the firm's non-financial goals such as its overall business strategy. I believe that all executives and managers should use a version of this checklist when next evaluating any IT projects.

References

__Align project management with organizational strategy__. (2020). Project Management Institute. https://www.pmi.org/learning/library/align-project-management-organizational-strategy-7393

__Using the Balanced Scorecard as a Strategic Management System__. (2015, August 26). Harvard Business Review. https://hbr.org/2007/07/using-the-balanced-scorecard-as-a-strategic-management-system

		 - Prompt
			 - In your readings, you may have come across statements about the importance of aligning IT strategies with business objectives. What does this really mean? What methods can be used for selecting and evaluating information systems projects and aligning them with the firm’s business goals?

	 - Week 8 Assignment: Improving Decision Making {{word-count}}
		 - Introduction
			 - In this assignment, I will compare the home buying search experience on Zillow.com versus Realtor.com, and then I will describe the process of finding the appropriate mortgage for the selected house. For the home buying search, the assumption is that I want to buy a 3+ bedroom single family home in Denver, CO that costs between $150,000 and $225,000. For the mortgage, the assumption is that I should finance it with a 30-year fixed rate mortgage, and that I can afford a down payment that is 20 percent of the value of the house. First I will compare both websites in terms of ease of use. Then, in the next section I will compare both websites in terms of accuracy of information and breadth of choice. Then, in the next section I will conclude the comparison and determine which website is superior overall. Then, in the final section, I will discuss the mortgage process and details.

		 - Zillow vs. Realtor: Ease of use
			 - Realtor: When I lot into the Realtor website (Realtor.com, 2020) I am immediately presented with a search bar where I need to enter the city or location I am searching in. "Buy" (as opposed to "Rent") is already selected as a default choice, so I just need to enter the location. Then it presents me with a list of all homes (thousands) available in Denver with photographs of each home and other information. Then I enter my next two filter criteria: (1) price range = $150,000 and $225,000, and (2) bedrooms = 3+. As I enter the filters, it narrows down the search results to those that match my filter criteria. When I click into any of the results, it presents more information about property details, home value, nearby schools, etc. Overall, it contains all the information that a prospective buyer needs.
				 - 

				 - Enter city: Denver

				 - Filters
					 - Price range: 150 - 225

					 - Beds: 3+

			 - Zillow: When I first log onto the Zillow website (Zillow.com, 2020), I immediately see that the user experience is superior, because the website has auto-detected my location and presented it on a map view. Then I go through the same search process as I did with Realtor, where I enter the two filter criteria into the search: (1) price range = $150,000 and $225,000, and (2) bedrooms = 3+. At each step of the way it filters down the results to the matching criteria. However, one advantage over Realtor is that by defaults it presents the results in a map view, which is very useful if I have specific geographic preferences for where I want to live in Denver (which I most likely do). When I click into the results, it gives me similar information to what Realtor presents.

			 - Comparison: The features and ease of use are broadly similar when comparing Zillow and Realtor, however, I believe the Zillow has the edge here because of two distinguishing which are missing in Realtor: (1) Zillow is automatically detecting my location based on GPS, which makes it a better user experience, and (2) Zillow presents the results on a map by default. Therefore, for these two reasons, I believe that Zillow has a superior user experience, although both are quite comparable in this dimension.

		 - Zillow vs. Realtor: Accuracy of information and breadth of choice
			 - Due to the search filters that were used for our search, the results are unfortunately very limited on both Zillow and Realtor. Most of the houses on both websites are either more expensive than the upper end of my price range, or they have fewer bedrooms than the minimum of 3 bedrooms which I am seeking. Zillow only displays one single search result for my criteria (and moreover it is a pre-foreclosure result which seems rather unattractive). On the other hand, Realtor displays 6 results matching my criteria, and it also shows another 10 or so that are "pending" (which means that they are soon to be listed on the website from other realtors). Based on these search results it appears to be the case that Realtor has access to more sources of data than Zillow, and is thus able to present me with more accurate information. Therefore, the conclusion of this section is that Realtor is superior to Zillow in terms of accuracy of information and breadth of choice.

		 - Zillow vs. Realtor: Conclusion
			 - In a comparison conducted by Investopedia, they note two major findings that are exactly in line with my own observations in the above section: (1) Zillow is superior to Realtor in terms of ease of use, and (2) Realtor is superior to Zillow in terms of accuracy of information and breadth of choice. Firstly, Investopedia notes that Realtor is "is more basic and doesn't have the robust features of Zillow"(__4 Top Alternatives to Zillow and Trulia__, 2020). This observation is exactly in line with my observations in the ease of use section. Secondly they note that "However, it's connected to MLS with the most current listings on the market" (__4 Top Alternatives to Zillow and Trulia__, 2020). This observation is exactly in line with my observations in the accuracy of information section above. 

			 - So how do we conclude which one is superior when there is a tradeoff where they are both superior in some dimension? This depends on what we want to prioritize. Is ease of use more important? Or is accuracy and breadth of choice more important? How do we know which of these two factors is more important? I would like to suggest that in this case, accuracy and breadth of choice is more important than the ease of use. Why? Well, ease of use is somethign that affects the user only during the search process of finding a home. Whereas when it comes to living with the choice made by the user, accuracy of information and breadth of choice is the most important factor. Since the user will engage in the house search process only once (once for every new house they purchase) and then live in the house for several years (say  10 or more years on average), it is far more important to make the right choice that you will live with for the next ten or more years of your life than to optimize for ease of use and convenience. If the decision were a smaller or trivial decision such as which shoes to purchase, then of course ease of use can be prioritized, but not for such a large scale purchase with a long lasting impact. Therefore, in conclusion, I would urge the user to select Realtor over Zillow, because it has more accurate information and broader choices. 

		 - Mortgage process
			 - Zillow's website has a "Mortgage rates" section, which allows the user to search for mortgage quotes. To navigate this section of the website, I entered the following assumptions into the questions asked: (1) Home price = $200,000, (2) Downpayment = 20%, (3) My credit score = in the range of 720 - 739. Having entered these inputs, Zillow shows results for mortgage rates. For a 30 year fixed mortgage, it shows a rate of 3.5%. Then, I attempted a similar comparison on the Realtor website, and it asked similar questions to Zillow, but it did not present any results unless the user enters their personal contact information, which I chose not to do for the purpose of this exercise. Therefore I will use the 3.5% rate assumption for the following calculation.

			 - I then used the NerdWallet mortgage calculator to determine my monthly payments (NerdWallet, 2020). As input I entered the hypothetical home price ($200,000), the downpayment (20%), the interest rate (3.5%), and the loan term (30 years). The result shows that my monthly payment is $1,087 of which $718 is principal and interest, while the rest is property taxes and homeowners insurance.

		 - References
			 - Zillow.com. (2020). __Homes for Sale__. https://www.zillow.com/homes/for_sale/
				 - (Zillow.com, 2020)

			 - Realtor.com. (2020). __Homes for Sale, Mortgage Rates, Virtual Tours & Rentals | realtor.com®__. https://www.realtor.com/
				 - (Realtor.com, 2020)

			 - __4 Top Alternatives to Zillow and Trulia__. (2020). Investopedia. https://www.investopedia.com/articles/markets/100215/5-best-alternatives-zillow-trulia.asp
				 - (__4 Top Alternatives to Zillow and Trulia__, 2020)

			 - NerdWallet. (2020). __Mortgage Calculator with PMI and Taxes | NerdWallet__. https://www.nerdwallet.com/mortgages/mortgage-calculator
				 - 

	 - Prompt
		 - For this project, use the following hypothetical situation:

		 - You have found a new job in Denver, Colorado and would like to purchase a home in that area. Ideally, you would like to find a single-family house with at least three bedrooms and one bathroom that costs between $150,000 and $225,000 and finance it with a 30-year fixed rate mortgage. You can afford a down payment that is 20 percent of the value of the house. Before you purchase a house, you would like to find out what homes are available in your price range, find a mortgage, and determine the amount of your monthly payment. You would also like to see how much of your mortgage payment represents principal and how much represents interest. Use the Yahoo! real estate site ([http://homes.yahoo.com/](https://homes.yahoo.com/)) to help you with the following tasks:
			 - Locate homes in your price range in Denver, Colorado. Find out as much information as you can about the houses, including the real estate listing agent, condition of the house, number of rooms, and the school district.

			 - Find a mortgage for 80 percent of the list price of the home.

			 - After selecting a mortgage, calculate your closing costs.

			 - Calculate the monthly payment for the mortgage you select.

			 - Calculate how much of your monthly mortgage payment represents principal and how much represents interest, assuming you do not plan to make any extra payments on the mortgage.

		 - Next, complete these same steps using a different online source, such a [Zillow](http://www.zillow.com/).

		 - When you are finished, evaluate the whole process for each website. Each evaluation should cover the following items:
			 - Ease of use of the site and your ability to find information about houses and mortgages

			 - Accuracy of the information you found

			 - Breadth of choice of homes and mortgages

			 - How helpful the whole process would be if you were actually in the situation described in this project

		 - Now compare the Yahoo site with the other site you chose. For each of the areas you discussed in your evaluation, which website has the advantage and why? Be specific and provide examples.

		 - Finally, what improvements or enhancements would you recommend for each site?

		 - Compose a four-page (minimum) essay, not including a cover page, a reference page, or any charts or visual items. You should include a chart to illustrate and compare the data you found from the two separate sites. You must use APA format and cite at least two outside sources.

		 - Due: Saturday at midnight, CT

		 - Points: 100

	 - CPT Memo
		 - Response
			 - About my experience
				 - As a Product Manager (PM) for Adobe Experience Platform (AEP), I am primarily responsible for Query Service, which is the SQL engine that is used to query data sets on AEP. As a PM, I am responsible for owning the product strategy, for identifying customer needs, for creating business cases, for prioritizing the product roadmap, and ultimately for delivering product features.   This semester's coursework on Management Information Systems was extremely helpful for my role as a PM for AEP, because AEP is itself a type of information system leveraged by enterprises for their marketing needs. Therefore, learning about the best practices surrounding information systems enabled me to learn more and to improve my performance as PM for AEP. 

			 - DONE Week 1
				 - In the first week, the coursework was focused on global business and information systems worldwide. 

				 - In the coursework, I learned about how how global organizations leverage information systems to improve their performance, to improve their customer experience, etc.

				 - On the job, I was already working with several information systems at Adobe (from simple systems such as Microsoft Office to complex systems such as Adobe Analytics) to improve Adobe's customer experience.

				 - Learning about the best practices of how other organizations are leveraging information systems improved my ability to better leverage information systems at Adobe.

				 - It was very fascinating to learn about the diversity of use cases for which information systems can be used, ranging from simple to complex, and this certainly broadened my perspective.

				 - More details about these learnings and benefits to my role as a PM for Adobe can be found in that week's memo (Maddirala, 2020a).

			 - DONE Week 2
				 - In the second week, the coursework was focused on the organization and strategy of information systems. 

				 - In the coursework, I learned about business strategy frameworks such as the famous Porter's forces framework for competitive analysis, and I also learned how to apply these frameworks to various business scenarios.

				 - On the job, I was already working on developing the business strategy for Query Service on AEP to clarify and improve Adobe's competitive advantage in this space.

				 - Learning about the frameworks for business strategy and their application to various business scenarios helped me develop a broader perspective in thinking about Adobe's business strategy with respect to AEP. Since understanding the business strategy is one of the core responsibilities of a PM, this contributed further to my development as a PM.

				 - More details about these learnings and benefits to my role as a PM for Adobe can be found in that week's memo (Maddirala, 2020b).

			 - {DONE}} Week 3
				 - In the third week, the coursework was focused on the ethical and social issues in information systems and emerging technologies.

				 - In the coursework, I learned about the rising importance of ethical and social issues such as privacy, data ethics, governance, etc. and how various other organizations are grappling with these issues, and I also learned about some of the best practices for organizations to deal with these issues.

				 - On the job, I was already responsible for ensuring that data governance, privacy, consent, and related issues are taken very seriously for the data in AEP that our customers entrust us with. In particular, I am responsible for ensuring that when analysts use Query Service for querying the data, data governance and privacy rules should be respected in the results of those queries.

				 - Observing how other organizations are dealing with these issues and thinking about the challenges they face as well as the appraoches they develop helped me develop a broader persepctive that helped me with my role as a PM for Adobe.

				 - My key takeaway was about the importance of informed consent when dealing with customer data.

				 - More details about these learnings and benefits to my role as a PM for Adobe can be found in that week's memo (Maddirala, 2020c).

			 - {DONE}} Week 4
				 - In the fourth week, the coursework was focused on database management and telecommunications.

				 - In the coursework, I learned about the different types of database systems, about how different companies leverage database systems for various purposes, and I even went through the exercise of designing a database system from scratch for my assignment. 

				 - On the job, I was already working very closely with database systems, considering that AEP is itself a founded on a data platform (built on a Data Lake). Moreover, Query Service is a SQL interface for querying the underlying database.

				 - The experience of creating a database system from scratch in my assignment as well as the learnings from how other organizations use database systems certainly gave me a greater appreciation of the complexity involved in database management and gave me a broader perspective in my role.

				 - The learnings were especially useful in helping me balance user experience and cost optimization in Query Service, which is a classic example of a database management dilemma.

				 - More details about these learnings and benefits to my role as a PM for Adobe can be found in that week's memo (Maddirala, 2020b).

			 - {DONE}} Week 5
				 - In the fifth week, the coursework was focused on securing information systems and achieving operational excellence.

				 - In the coursework, I learned about the measures that organizations take to secure information systems and the best practices for security.

				 - On the job, I was working with data that is extremely valuable to our customers, and Adobe is ultimately responsible for ensuring the security of customer data.

				 - Learning some of the best practices for information security and how other companies solve these problems prompted me to start thinking more deeply about information security as it applies to AEP, which makes me a more thorough product manager for AEP.

				 - More details about these learnings and benefits to my role as a PM for Adobe can be found in that week's memo (Maddirala, 2020e).

			 - {DONE}} Week 6
				 - In the sixth week, the coursework was focused on ecommerce managing knowledge.

				 - In the coursework, I learned about how various ecommerce companies operate and how they are adapting to the changing preferences of modern customers.

				 - On the job, I was already working with several ecommerce companies as my customers. Since ecommerce companies generate a lot of customer data, they tend to be some of the biggest users of AEP.

				 - As a PM for AEP, learning about the operational models of ecommerce companies and about the challenges they face, enabled me to have a better understanding of customer problems, challenges, and pain points, which is one of my primary responsibilities as a PM.

				 - More details about these learnings and benefits to my role as a PM for Adobe can be found in that week's memo (Maddirala, 2020f).

			 - {DONE}} Week 7
				 - In the seventh week, the coursework was focused on enhancing decision making and building information systems.

				 - In the coursework, I learned about how organizations are leveraging business intelligence and analytics tools to enhance their decision making capabilities.

				 - On the job, I was already working on developing business intelligence tools for Adobe to better serve our customers. In fact, business intelligence is one of the major capabilities of my product, AEP.

				 - Learning about how other companies are leveraging business intelligence and learning about the best practices for business intelligence sharpened my understanding of industry best practices and helped me understand how Adobe can develop a unique competitive advantage in this area. This helped me grow as PM, by developing a superior strategy for my product.

				 - More details about these learnings and benefits to my role as a PM for Adobe can be found in that week's memo (Maddirala, 2020g).

			 - References
				 - Maddirala, N. (2020a). __Executive Practicum Memorandum for Week 1__. Ottawa University.

				 - Maddirala, N. (2020b). __Executive Practicum Memorandum for Week 2__. Ottawa University.

				 - Maddirala, N. (2020c). __Executive Practicum Memorandum for Week 3__. Ottawa University.

				 - Maddirala, N. (2020d). __Executive Practicum Memorandum for Week 4__. Ottawa University.

				 - Maddirala, N. (2020e). __Executive Practicum Memorandum for Week 5__. Ottawa University.

				 - Maddirala, N. (2020f). __Executive Practicum Memorandum for Week 6__. Ottawa University.

				 - Maddirala, N. (2020g). __Executive Practicum Memorandum for Week 7__. Ottawa University.

		 - Prompt
			 - How did your practicum experience change and/or reinforce your views and assumptions about the course material relative to application and process? 

			 - What have you learned during your practicum (on the job)? 

			 - How have your abilities in this area changed? 

			 - What more, if anything, to you want to learn?  

			 - What benefits have you gained from your practicum in terms of your career and/or personal goals?  

			 - Please describe any other elements of your practicum experience you would like to reflect upon.
