- DONE Change Adobe password this week #2020-W42

- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - This week will be amazing. It's part 1 of our two part wedding for me and Rukma. At least, that's how I've been explaining it to other people, and that's also how it makes sense to me as of now. Rukma says we shouldn't advertise it too much, and that's fine by me, but this is the logic for me. I am very excited about it.

		 - Somehow everyone at work started congratulating me about it, so I'm not sure if there was an announcement made or how the word got around. Maybe Meera / Anurag. So it was probably one of those people. I guess it's fine. That's kind of how it is and I should be very happy about it.

		 - Maybe I should tell Pari also? Yes, could do.

		 - What else do I want to journal about?

		 - I've been reading [[Digital Minimalism]] by [[Cal Newport]] and it's a fantastic read. 
			 - He talks about how we need a digital declutter in our lives. The app economy has been hijacking our attention to such an extent that we feel completely uncomfortable with lack of stimulation. We constantly need and crave external stimulation. We need to get out of this mindset and learn to enjoy and immerse ourselves in the daily activities of life.

			 - DONE Make list of Digital Minimalism activities #[[Projects]]-Personal-Goals #Projects

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Discuss AEP duplication of data and GDPR [[GDPR for AEP QS]]
	 - GDPR overview. GDPR compliance for derived datasets created via Query Service involves two steps: 
		 - (1) Labeling: the dataset label (e.g. identity label) should be propagated from the source dataset to the derived dataset.

		 - (2) Policy enforcement: the app or service that is consuming this data (e.g. CJA) should respect the dataset label (e.g. identity label).

	 - Step 1: GDPR label propagation
		 - Prerequisite 1: The source dataset's XDM schema must use identity labels to indicate which fields are identity fields. [See here for more info](https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/experience-platform/identity/api/label-identities.html).

		 - Prerequisite 2: The query used to create the derived dataset must specify the source dataset's XDM schema as the target schema. [See here for more info](https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/experience-platform/query/sql/syntax.html#create-table-as-select).

		 - If and only if prerequisites 1 and 2 are met, then the GDPR label(s) will automatically be propagated to the derived dataset. Else, the label(s) will not be propagated. 

		 - General propagation of GDPR labels for derived datasets  (without prerequisites 1 and 2) is an uncommitted roadmap item ([PLATQ-3752](https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLATQ-3752)) — please use this JIRA to attach any incoming requests for this capability. 

	 - Step 2: GDPR policy enforcement
		 - CJA is already capable of GDPR policy enforcement provided that the correct usage labels are in place.

	 - Meeting notes
		 - propagation of DULE label from source dataset to derived dataset, (2) policy enforcement

		 - Answer: This depends on two how the GDPR label is marked and what schema is used for the CTAS query 

		 - E.g. from [[Sunish Verma]]: New dataset has tracking code in the derived dataset. 

		 - Core Analytics vs. CJA: Core Analytics does its own GDPR stuff. No need for metadata from AEP. CJA is dependent on AEP. Needs batch re-statement to be perform.

		 - Want to use QS to create usage labels and GDPR 

		 - If schema already has DULE label, then derived dataset using the schema will respect that (if defined at the XDM level)

		 - How is GDPR column marked? Three ways:
			 - Identity descriptor marked in XDM

			 - Identity map in XDM

			 - Manual marking - going to be deprecated 

		 - DONE Add documentation for GDPR / CTAS #[[Projects]]-QS-Documentation #Projects

- Meeting with [[Anshuman Nangia]]
	 - DONE Add Anshu to sandbox

	 - Fireman's lookout hike on [[Mount Rainier]]

	 - https://www.nps.gov/mora/planyourvisit/mount-fremont-lookout.htm

- Mentorship call with [[Elaine Wan]]
	 - CS Major at UChicago; wants to explore PM role.

- Meeting with [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - [[GDPR for AEP QS]]
		 - GDPR mismatch between obfuscating (AA) vs. deleting (AEP); e.g. AEP will not count revenue for a deleted row. Whereas they want this counted.

		 - Very problematic when creating a pipeline of derived datasets. 

		 - DONE Create wiki on GDPR gaps (Trevor Outlook "Note Oct 19, 2020") #[[[[Projects]]-Work-someday]]

- Working on [[EMBA]]
	 - Vitalsource
		 - Email: vitalsource.com@nikhilmaddirala.com

		 - Pass: 6JLper.j4TqiHy.a

		 - Favorite sport: soul-heater-5

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Discuss conflict with parents. Use this as opportunity to dig backwards too.

	 - I avoid talking to my parents about topics, because it often leads to suggestions and recommendations that they want me to do; often this leads me to become condescending. May be a lot due to the Indian model of obedience. 

	 - Often I'm replicating my father's behavior. E.g. my dad trying to convince me of his investment strategy vs. me trying to convince Rukma of my cucumber cutting strategy.

	 - I have learned to become conflict avoidant. I need to welcome conflict at times. Identify conflicting avoiding behavior and do the opposite.

- DONE Message to [[Kevin Peck]] [[October 20th, 2020]]
	 - Hi Judge Peck —  Hope you're doing well! Just wanted to follow up on a couple of things:

(1) Regarding the vows: my partner and I have written our own personalized vows which we would like to read to each other if possible. We will email the vows to you today. I hope this will be alright.

(2) Regarding the ceremony: would it be possible to change the venue to our apartment building, which is just one block away from the court house? Our address is 8709 161st Ave NE. We have reserved our building's large rooftop lounge for the entire evening. It has large indoor and outdoor spaces and can easily accommodate a socially distanced gathering of our 10 - 15 guests. (I can send you photographs of the lounge if needed).

(3) Regarding the ceremony: you mentioned that we can have guests as long as they practice social distancing outdoors. However, if we have to move the ceremony indoors due to rain, could you please let us know the maximum number of guests that will be allowed inside? 


- DONE Message Sharmila [[October 20th, 2020]]
	 - Hi aunty. Since the final price quoted was much higher than I expected, I wanted some time to think it over. However, after speaking with my father, we decided that it's fine to go ahead. I will initiate the wire transfer for the invoiced amount and send you a confirmation in the next day or two.  
