- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - It's my daily journal. Yesterday I wrote some fiction. I can continue that? Also yesterday I read the [[Lady of Shalott]] a couple of times. That's a great poem by Tennyson. It's again a kind of haunting poem about a lady who's trapped inside the walls of a grey castle and who can never leave on account of some curse, but decides to leave because she is enchanted by Lord Lancelot, and then as soon as she leaves she realizes the curse is upon her and she's going to die. She puts herself on a boat going downstream from Shalott to Camelot where her dead body is eventually found by Lancelot. It's a sad and haunting poem. It has a beautiful rhythm and meter to it and is very sing-song-y. 

		 - Back to the lady from yesterday. Diane. The strange coffee shop she sees. Then what happens? She goes to the next window. What does she see? It's a laundromat. Now enter the subjectivity of Diane. I see a window with rows of laundry machines behind it. I see a fat man stanidng at the register wearing a wife-beater and a cigarette in his mouth. Old ladies - a couple of them - are sitting on a bench inside, seemingly waiting for their laundry to complete. Why do I feel like this? What is it that I'm feeling? Why can't I be like one of those charming old ladies inside, innocently waiting for their laundry? Instead, I'm grappling with so many monsters and demons. What are my monsters and demons? Guilt at the horror that I've committed. What does it feel like? Guilt. Shame. I can't even think about what it is I've done. I've taken out a hit on my love Camilla. She's going to die, and there's nothing I can do to stop it. I love her so much. But why can't I have her? I have so much desire for her. And I've shown her my love so much. But she doesn't want me. She wants to be with the other one. That contemptible one. Why not me? But how can I face up to this act that I've committed? What is this sinking feeling in my stomach?  I am not me. I hate this world. I wish none of this ever happened. I wish I was never born. I want to die. The laundromat. Do the people see me? How do they see me? Do they know what I am? Are they judging me? Who are they to judge me? They are people. I can't stand this any more. It must end. How will it all end? 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - Added to Cronometer

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Query Collateral checkpoint with [[Meera Srinivasan]] and [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - DONE Update QS column on Q4 planning

	 - DONE Query for CJA deck
		 - What's included in CJA already? Adhoc

		 - What's extra with AEP Intel?

- [[Freewrite]] on [[Therapy]] issues {{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
	 - A conversation between different parts of myself. There are three characters that I've identified: the critic, the drunk, and the everyday. Abbreviated as C, D, E.

	 - E: I wonder what I should do right now? There are so many tasks I have to make progress on at work, but I don't really feel like doing them. What do I feel like doing instead?

	 - C: Why are you such a failure? Don't you want to do well at work? Or make progress on your other projects? Why can't you just come up with a plan of how you want to spend your day, and what things you want to accomplish, and then stick to that plan?

	 - E: I'm not sure. I've been trying to do that, but it somehow doesn't work sometimes. Sometimes it works, and I get a lot done. Some weeks / some days. But on some days and some weeks I feel a bit low, and I have more difficulty.

	 - C: OK. But why can't you just fix this problem? People don't become great by slacking off so much. If you have some problem with how you're approaching your tasks, goals, or your day to day, then you need to fix that problem.

	 - E: OK. I agree, but I'm kind of stuck on how to fix this problem. And maybe part of the problem is that I have too many goals that I'm trying to do and am not sufficiently motivated to do them.

	 - C: Well, sometimes you just gotta suck it up and do the work. You won't always be super motivated to do work, but it has to be done. You're a pro. Or at least you need to behave like one.

	 - D: You guys are so lame! Always talking about tasks and goals. Why not come have a drink with me? Let's get fucked up. Life shouldn't be so serious all the time. Remember we used to say that the point of life is to smoke mad cigarettes and mad weed? What happened to that?

	 - C: That's a very childish view of life. That can't be the point of life. Sure, we can have a few drinks every now and then, and we can get drunk a bit more rarely, but there's a time and a place for that. Now is not the right time for this.

	 - E: I see your point, D, but I also agree with C. I don't think that that's the whole point of life. At least, I want to make something more of my life than just getting stoned and drunk all the time. I have goals you know.

	 - D: Yes, yes. I know we have goals. That's all well and good. But sometimes just fuck it. If you can't make fun of your goals from time to time and live a little, and just spontaneously get drunk and do drugs when you feel like it, what's the point of life? Why be so stuffy ALL the time? You hardly ever want to have a good time and relax. Always talking about tasks and goals and projects.

	 - C: Because we don't want to end up like you, you fool. Look at you. What can you accomplish in life? —

	 - D: I accomplish a lot in life thank you very much. We may have remained virgins for a very long time if it wasn't for me. So many of the romantic relationships, friendships, and fun we've had in life is due to me. Where would y'all be without me?

	 - E: He's got a point, you know. Credit where credit is due.

	 - C: Well, sure, but that's just because of your incompetence in general. You could have accomplished all those things without him if you just worked on self-improvement in those directions. You could have improved your social skills and your relationship skills. There are so many self help books and guides on how to do this. You could have done that. But instead you chose to roll the dice by letting D lead you around and take over these aspects of your life. You don't even know how to have fun without D. Look at you. It's pathetic.

	 - D: Don't listen to him. He's just a critic. You'll never be able to please him. He's just a grumpy motherfucker. Man, fuck him. Fuck you, C. What have you ever done in your life?

	 - C: This has nothing to do with my life, and it's not about me. It's about how I can help E become a better person. I'm just distilling the ideas and knowledge from sources that he himself respects and holding them up as a mirror. I'm not introducing anything new.

	 - E: You're both right. C, fuck you. You're right, yes, but still, fuck you. I understand that all the shit you're giving me is from ideas that I respect. I respect the power of productivity, self help, and all that good stuff. But that stuff is supposed to improve my life and make it better. And you're supposed to help me by being a coach and advisor to me. Instead you're always putting me down and telling me how shitty I am and how weak I am. That's no way to help me with my self improvement goals. I need to love and accept myself. Why don't you help me with that?

- Meeting with [[Akin Ajayi]]
	 - Akin wants use cases that are unrelated to CJA.

	 - UC: Data prep for ML

	 - UC: Visualization and dashboards

	 - UC: Enterprise sync

	 - DONE Add UCs to Akin / Raj slides

- Meeting with [[Dave McNamee]]
	 - What are the existing SKUs - Dave's link.

	 - Scheduling
		 - API was completed under Dave

		 - UI is now almost complete

		 - Was trying to integrate orchestration service

	 - Competition from BQ
		 - We thought we could supplant BQ for our customers;

		 - We also wanted query accelleration (DWH) enginge to make things faster

		 - We can't compete with BQ; just need to find the set of use cases that we can specialize in

		 - TALK TO CUSTOMERS! This is the only way to understand.

	 - Agenda
		 - Comparison to BQ

		 - Performance benchmarking

		 - Perf improvement / cost optim?

- Observability meeting with [[Vahid]]
	 - Metering and entitlement
		 - Vahid in collaboration with [[Hazem Zmeili]] are the PMs for this issue.

		 - Entitlement and metering are two sides of the same coin.

	 - Compute gateway tagging - solves the metering problem
		 - We first submit jobs to compute gateway and then it runs the jobs

		 - But compute gateway currently does not tag jobs to IMS org. This issue is impacting Profile Service, Query Service, etc. Target timeline: 2020-Q4

	 - Entitlement and quota management
		 - We define entitlement in terms of VM hours, but better to translate it into something like data scanned.

	 - Quota management does not exist. 

	 - Observability and alerts
		 - Working on a method to relate observability to correlate to cost.

	 - Agenda
		 - Is there a JIRA?

- [[QS-DDOM]] on AEP
	 - Moving towards a CA deck. Meera got input from other stakeholders and is shaping the CA deck. Goal is to transition this from an informal POC to a formal project with resources.

- {DONE}} Create wiki on GTM requirements for QS #2020-W34 #QS-Batch #Projects [[August 20th, 2020]]

- DONE Pull up bar #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]] #Someday
	 - [Ikonfitness Pull Up Bar with Smart Larger Hooks Technology - USA Original Patent, USA Designed, USA Shipped, USA Warranty](https://smile.amazon.com/Ikonfitness-Pull-Up-Bar-Technology/dp/B0798J8ZP1/ref=sxin_7_ac_d_pm?ac_md=2-1-QmV0d2VlbiAkNTAgYW5kICQxMDA%3D-ac_d_pm&cv_ct_cx=pull+up+bar&dchild=1&keywords=pull+up+bar&pd_rd_i=B0798J8ZP1&pd_rd_r=cc06169c-d010-453b-ace7-4571ae387574&pd_rd_w=nm1lv&pd_rd_wg=94wPn&pf_rd_p=6fa2c4b2-cf77-4ff1-a22d-406e154f5c4b&pf_rd_r=FHAC97XKTGQ6C6MD844J&psc=1&qid=1597868841&sr=1-2-22d05c05-1231-4126-b7c4-3e7a9c0027d0)

	 - [IRON AGE Pull Up Bar for Doorway - Angled Grip Home Gym Exercise Equipment - Pullupbar with Shortened Upper Bar and Bonus Suspension Straps(Fits Almost All Doors)](https://smile.amazon.com/IRON-AGE-Pull-Bar-Doorway/dp/B07TB24V9C/ref=sr_1_32?dchild=1&keywords=pull+up+bar+rings&qid=1597868826&sr=8-32)

	 - 
