- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  20}}
		 - Hello from my vacation home in Oceanside CA. We're staying at this lovely vacation rental place that we got in Oceanside with Rukma and with Piyush and Monika. The apartment is a lovely place. It's actually a large villa, not an apartment. The hosts are extremely lovely people. They are really going out of their way to help us out with everything. They immediately replaced our broken coffee machine, and they got us a turkey pan. Overall lovely folks. Anyway, should get to the car topic.

		 - Car topic. What's the decision I'm faced with now? Do I want to buy this Tucson from Avis in San Diego? Well, what are the other options? Options are endless, but basically I'll have to rent a car temporarily, while I road trip down to CA next month, and then I'll have to buy another car when I'm down in CA. At that time, I can choose to buy the same type of car, or a better car. What's missing in this car? Just the smart speed control. That's the one thing that would make driving more enjoybale - having smart speed control. But how important is it to me? How difficult is it to use the regular cruise control? Probably not that bad. Let's test it out on the freeway before deciding. 

		 - What are the advantages and disadvantages? Pros and cons? Start with the pros. Would put an end to the car buying process. Would also have a car for the last couple of weeks in WA, which is not a bad thing at all. Can travel more on weekends. And we would avoid having to pay the extra costs of the rental and all of that. That's a good thing. 

		 - What are the cons? I have to drive all the way back to Seattle. That means I'm putting a lot of miles on this car, but so what? It also means that I'll spend the entire weekend, plus Monday on the drive. I'll have to move some things around on Monday, but that's not a big deal. I can easily do that. I think it's just the annoyance of driving. But is it really such an annoyance? I can treat it as a meditative activity. I can treat it as an experience. 

		 - What's really holding me back from buying this car right now? Partly it's the issues around the drive, but it's also partly the issues around FOMO and infinite decision making in general... there are always some other good options out there, but at some point I need to decide that what I have is good enough and make a deal. Perhaps this is that point? It's like what Piyush was saying earlier. Need to get over the need to have everything hyper optimized and parameter tuned. Sometimes I just need to go with the flow. 

		 - Side: I'm feeling extremely jittery from this coffee. I wonder why? Is it much stronger than other coffees that I've had over the past couple of days? I've been drinking my daily cup of coffee for a long time now, so I don't think it's that. What else could it be? The other confounding factor is the alcohol. I'm a bit hungover, and I have a tendency to feel a bit weird when I'm hungover. What is that weird feeling? I can describe it both physically and emotionally. Physically I feel it in my eyes. I feel like my eyes are kind of .. what? I'm just feeling some sensation in my eyes. It's like my eyes become very sensitive. Yes, I start feeling the wind blowing or just the air on my eyes a lot. Does it feel like my eyes are popping out? No, not really.. It feels like I'm staring a lot. My eyes are wide open and staring at something. 

		 - Just now I had an urge to swipe to another screen, and I actually swiped, instead of pausing... but I caught myself pretty quickly and then came back, didn't actually look at the message that I wanted to look at. 

		 - No need to go back in journaling. It's just one flow. If I want to go back to a topic, I just write more about it below. It's fine. The daily journal does not need to be so organized. There is just no need. If I want to organize it more, I can do that later. Not important to do it so soon. Journaling is just one flow.

		 - OK, so what's the topic I wanted to go back to? Ah yes, the physical feeling of the hungover weird state. Eyes are sensitive. Head feels in a weird state. Kind of like a mild headache, and a little throbbing sensation. Then there's the emotional state. I often feel very reflective. Once I was in Korea feeling exactly like this and I decideded that the purpose of life is to build relationships with people. That that's what matters more than anything else, and that I want to have love and relationships with others. It's kind of like how I feel when I'm on ecstasy, but a very mild version of that.

		 - Anyway, now that we have a very short time left, back to the car topic. Yes, I think it would feel good to have made a decision about this, and not keep putting it off. I think the drive up to Seattle is not such a big deal as I am making it out to be. It's after all just 3 days. Could I be  more productive in those three days? Yes, I could, but I don't think it's such a big deal. Another part of my issue with it is that I'm putting off the decision. I'm afraid to pull the trigger. This is a pretty low risk thing I think. Unless there's something wrong with it. It's a pretty cheap car. I want to turn around and sell it in a short while. The cost of use for this car will be quite low overall. If it's good, I should just buy it. The road trip will be a good experience. Rukma and I will make it such.

		 - Also, there's Rukma feeling guilty about her mistake with the phone and EAD card. I wish I could help her with that. I'm not sure exactly how, but I'd like to do everything possible to make sure that goes smoothly. Will go and talk to FedEx in store. Will knock on the neighbor's door and ask them to help us out. That should kind of do the trick.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal
