- DONE AEP / Service now: __https://video.tv.adobe.com/v/39483__ #[[Projects]]-Read-later #[[Projects]]-Work-misc #Projects

- DONE Catch up with Seth Reilly #[[Projects]]-Work-misc #Projects

- Query Service: Trust, Governance, and Privacy meeting with [[Jacob Lords]], [[Anil Malkani]], [[Shidhin]]
	 - Jacob says this is really exciting, but we need to define this at an AEP-wide level.

	 - PMs need to define the default propagation policy. Propagation of ALL labels (like merge policy predicates) is the easy route. Conservative by default. This is an existing capability in PES.

	 - QS has to work on the integration; totally do-able today from PES perspective.

	 - Basic workflow of inheriting all labels by default and then can be removed later is already there.

	 - RBAC: Policy enforcement has no notion of RBAC. Enforcement is only on labels, not on user token.

	 - Agenda
		 - Early stages of defining product requirements. 

		 - What do engineers need us to clarify?

- AEP Query Service UI Walkthrough & Recording with [[Mathieu Hannouz]]
	 - Customer pre-zero: 
		 - First step: collaboration for new features and new events, and we record the value video. 

		 - Next step: how to scale the story and demo to make it repeatable.

	 - Demo system next
		 - You're in any org. Flip to a Sandbox. Automaticaly configure a demo.

		 - {DONE}} Create a demo on Luma PM #[[Projects]]-QS-Collateral #Projects

	 - Looker demo
		 - Get datasets for demo 
			 - Option 1: Get datasets from Fan Du used for Looker demo: https://adobe-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/p/fdu/Eiocpv1u4wRNgMeyCIOKwlwBWpT0yEcVXg_lIkNehhpVUw

			 - Option 2: POC team led by Matt taylor (Pulkit Chadha in the team) generates sister data. Has already created data.

			 - POC team is better

		 - Define queries for demo

		 - Wouter's queries won't work for this case, because Wouter's data is different.

		 - ProjectRDV - AEP approved data model for replicating demo.

	 - Agenda
		 - Adobe docs - Looker demo

		 - How do I replicate what you did? Connections, queries, etc.? I want to be enable PMs and field to give the same demo!

- Validation for Adobe/Google feature comparison
	 - We need to think about our story w.r.t. BigQuery Omni!

- Trevor / Nikhil: AEPQS-CJA Sync with [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - [[Homedepot]] meeting
		 - Intro
			 - Tina: Marketing persona; analysis and reporting

			 - Sri: Query guy; main user of BigQuery; technical resource

			 - Satyha: Technical user; more into Analytics than Query.

			 - All report into John Holland

		 - Adobe Analytics usage
			 - Part of marketing org, so they want to understand attribution of marketing efforts to spend.

			 - Also do product analytics and deeper analytics.

		 - Issues with CJA
			 - Backwards compatibility with AA; they have some reports that we don't yet support.

	 - Agenda
		 - Discussion guide for tomorrow

		 - Large dataset performance

		 - CJA set up

		 - Batch Query use cases for CJA

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - DONE Talk to Wouter on what queries are needed? #[[Projects]]-QS-Collateral #Projects
		 - Otherwise: Nishith Shah, PK

	 - QS - CJA deck - review with Meera tomorrow

	 - Agenda
		 - Meeting with Home Depot tomorrow :)

		 - Collateral - Mathiu update

		 - Trust - had a meeting; PES can already support MVP use case.

- Query Service: Performance Testing and Benchmarks with [[Serge]]
	 - Past efforts: comparisons against Snowflake, Azure, etc. 
		 - Very simplistic, not realistic. Counting records and summarizing. Not representative of actual queries. Long time ago, 3 yrs or so ago.

		 - Recently created a framework for performance testing. You can register multiple queries and then those will be run with some concurrency settings, which we measure. We did this around the time of migration from Spark open source to Spark databricks.

		 - Akshit Jain worked on this last, but he got re-orged.

		 - Serge to share past test documentation.

		 - Factors impacting performance
			 - Concurrency

			 - Complexity

			 - Volume

		 - Stability - through observability; talk to Andrew chen on stability benchmarks.

		 - Cost benchmarking - performance tests are done on fixed size clusters. We could use this for cost benchmarking.

	 - Agenda
		 - Customers: want to know expected performance

		 - Internally, we want to track cogs, etc.

- Query Service GTM with [[Aishwarya S]]
	 - Provisioning: Ad-hoc vs. Batch
		 - This is a near-term solve. We need a longer term view.

	 - Talk to Sal on QS - there are product descriptions for data scanned 

	 - Defining entitlements
		 - In the past it was

		 - - data scanned; ask Gabriel for pricing guide.

	 - COGS
		 - Need to re-build cost model based on actual usage data.

		 - Look at complexity of queries and volume of data scanned.

	 - Enforcement
		 - Metering: Talk to KT.

		 - Enforcement: 

	 - Agenda
		 - Immediate task: define entitlements for QS in AEP-Intelligence

		 - Broader task: manage entitlements for QS in ALL SKUs

- Working on [[Bi-Weekly | CJA/Query Closed Loop]] wiki

- Luma PM sandboxes
	 - Development b, KT

	 - Development a, Doug

	 - Gaba, KT

	 - Research Team, Sal

	 - Engineering Playground, Kristy

	 - Benchmark Study 1, Kristy

	 - Sandbox 14, Wouter

	 - test 001, Liviu

	 - User Study 1, Liviu

	 - Liviu, Wouter, Kristy, Sal, KT, Doug

- [[EMBA]] F1-W1
	 - Discussion 0
		 - Hello. My name is Nikhil Maddirala. I work as a product manager in the IT industry, and I enrolled in this program to learn more about how to apply best practices from management science to the IT industry. I'm originally from India, and my past work experience is in management consulting, so moving to the IT industry was quite a big shift for me, and I'm excited to learn more about it!

	 - Discussion 1
		 - Response
			 - Hypothetical professional goals:

Hypothetical salary goals: To start at $38,500 at age 28 and to slowly increase to $207,000 by age 57, while retiring at $225,000.

Hypothetical promotion goals: To start as a product manager at age 28 and to incrementally work my way up to Vice President by age 42, and to retire as Vice President.

Hypothetical family/work balance goals: To spend 40% of my 12 hour day (i.e. a little under 5 hours) with family.

		 - Prompt
			 - Complete the Business Ethics Simulations Activities before responding. What is your hypothetical professional goals in this online simulation? Share your salary goals, promotional goals, and family/work balance goals.

	 - Discussion 2
		 - Response
			 - Demarco needs to balance the interests of the following key stakeholders: Barbara, Xeon's employees, the tribal communities, and the Brazilian government. In order to serve all these stakeholders well, Demarco needs to understand what impact his project will have on these various stakeholders. This seems to be a point of contention between Demarco and his boss Barbara. Barbara seems to believe that the project will improve the lives of all the stakeholders involved, whereas Demarco is a bit more skeptical of this claim. The first step for Demarco is to conduct more research into the potential costs and benefits of the project and its impact on the various stakeholders. The best case scenario is that his research will prove that the project is beneficial to all stakeholders involved. Then the primary challenge will be one of communication. Demarco will need to communicate the benefits of the projects to various stakeholders using language and terminology that they will understand and sympathize with. This requires Demarco to first empathize with his various stakeholders, to understand their concerns and apprehensions, and to carefully address their considerations based on his research. However, if it turns out that based on Demarco's research, the project is actually not beneficial to the stakeholders, and that there are significant risks involved, then Demarco is in a much more challenging situation. In such a case, Demarco will need to communicate the risks and benefits in detail to everyone involved, and make sure to gather their preferences. 

		 - Prompt
			 - Read the Chapter 2 Business Challenge in our main text. How should Demarco balance the interests of the various stakeholders in the case presented?

	 - Week 1 Business Ethics Simulation Activities
		 - **Pre-Tests** (take about 30-45 minutes to complete):
			 - Ethical Knowledge Questions (12 questions)

			 - Importance of Family/Honesty Scale (3 questions)

			 - Values Inventory (3 questions)

			 - Moral Philosophy Items (3 questions)

			 - ACME Corporation Overview (Read the important company policies and answer 1 question)

			 - Pre-Test ACME Corporation and Your Goals

		 - **Chapter 1 Ethical Knowledge Questions (3 questions)**
			 - 3/3

		 - **Chapter 2 Ethical Knowledge Questions (3 questions)**
			 - 3/3

		 - **Chapter 1 Ethical Decisions Questions (3 questions)**
			 - 3/3

		 - **Chapter 2 Ethical Decisions Questions (4 questions)*
			 - 3/3

	 - Week 1 Uber Case Study
		 - Response {{word-count}}
			 - What are the ethical challenges that Uber faces in using app-based peer-to-peer sharing technology?
				 - According to a CNN article, some important ethical challenges that Uber faces in using app-based peer-to-peer sharing technology are: (1) driver multitasking, (2) passenger safety, and (3) privacy (Weinstein, 2014). I will discuss each of these challenges in this section.

				 - (1) Driver multitasking. It is a well-known fact that the use of mobile devices (especially text based usage) is a major cause of distraction while driving, and it increases the probability of accidents, thereby endangering both drivers and riders. These days the issue of "texting while driving" is gaining almost as much attention as drunk driving. However, Uber's app based workflow for drivers requires them to multitask and use mobile app while driving, to be aware of incoming ride requests and to respond tot he ride request. Even while a driver is giving a ride to a passenger, the driver must monitor incoming ride requests for upcoming rides. This is further exacerbated in the case of "Uber Pool" rides where a single ride will include multiple pick-ups and drop offs that get added along the way.

				 - (2) Passenger safety. At the core of the p2p model is the idea that Uber is connecting independent drivers to independent riders. Since the drivers are independent contractors, and not employees of the company, Uber is not responsible for the actions of the driver or for the riders. This puts the burden of safety on the individual riders and drivers, since it cannot be guaranteed by Uber. However, the drivers and riders do not have enough information about each other to be able to trust that their safety is protected. For example, when someone is a new rider or new driver, they will have zero ratings and reviews, but they are still on the platform. Due to this reason, some governments have actually restricted or banned Uber's services.

				 - (3) Privacy. The third major ethical concern is privacy. In order to connect riders with drivers, Uber needs to monitor the location data of both parties. However, they do not delete this data after the transaction is completed. Rather, they retain all of the location data from drivers and riders including all of the past transactional and location based data, in order to improve their future operations and to optimize the logistics. This poses ethical threats to consumer privacy. However, considering that Uber is not hiding the fact that it is collecting this data, this may be of a lesser concern. 

			 - Since Uber is using a disruptive business model and marketing strategy, what are the risks that the company will have to overcome to be successful?
				 - The case identifies some of the major risks and challenges that Uber will have to overcome: (1) Internal Challenges—Driver Relations and (3) Legal Challenges. I will discuss each of these challenges in this section.

				 - (1) Internal Challenges—Driver Relations. Since Uber is a two-sided marketplace, it is critical for Uber to keep both sides of the marketplace - drivers and riders - happy on its platform. However, keeping one side of the platform happy often comes at the expense of the other side of the platform. For example, making rides cheap will keep riders happy, but it will make drivers unhappy. Over the years, it seems that Uber has been prioritizing riders over drivers, which is leading to pent up dissatisfaction among drivers. Often drivers feel that they earn less than minimum wage for the hard work they do. However, Uber's counter to this is that the drivers are not employees, but rather they are independent contractors, so they are not entitled to a minimum wage. This issue is problematic from not only a legal perspective (which I will discuss later in this assignment), but also from an ethical perspective.

				 - (3) Legal Challenges. Uber faces legal risks and challenges on multiple fronts. Two of the major legal and regulatory issues come from the taxi lobby and from the drivers unions. Since Uber is competing with taxis for marketshare, and since Uber usually operates without taxi licenses, the taxi lobbies often pressure local governments to block or restrict Uber's operations. Governments across the world have taken differential stances towards this - some governments are more favorable, while some are less favorable to Uber. The second risk is from drivers unions. Currently there is an ongoing legal debate in California concerning whether drivers are contractors or employees. Drivers unions are alleging that Uber is misclassifying employees as contractors. This in fact threatens Uber's entire model. Further to a recent California ruling that drivers are in fact employees rather than contractors, Uber is faced with the possibility of shutting down its business in California, which is a huge risk (Washington Post, 2020)!

			 - Because Uber is so popular and the business model is being expanded to other industries, should there be regulation to develop compliance with standards to protect competitors and consumers?
				 - The innovative business model that Uber and Lyft pioneered in the transportation market in the USA is now spreading to other industries and to other countries. This is informally known as the "gig economy" whose primary characteristics include the ability for workers to perform short "gigs" or tasks in exchange for fees, which are increasingly becoming substitutes for full time jobs. Yes, there is absolutely a need to develop regulatory standards governing these processes to avoid the possibility of workers getting exploited, and also to avoid the other risks outlined in this assignment (such as privacy, safety, etc.). Since this technology and this new marketplace economy is still in its early stages, it will take time for a regulatory and legal framework to evolve, but it is absolutely necessary! 

			 - References
				 - Weinstein, B. (2014, November 21). __Opinion: Four other ways Uber is ethically challenged__. CNNMoney. https://money.cnn.com/2014/11/21/technology/uber-ethics-oped/

				 - Washington Post. (2020). __Uber and Lyft must make their drivers in California full employees, judge rules__. https://www.washingtonpost.com/gdpr-consent/?next_url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.washingtonpost.com%2ftechnology%2f2020%2f08%2f10%2fuber-lyft-ab5%2f

		 - Prompt
			 - Read "Case Study 2 Uber Hits a Bump in the Road" from the textbook. The link to the case study in MindTap is provided in week 1 or use the search function in the e-text. Provide APA-style citations for any resources used.

			 - Your document should follow the following formatting principles for business documents:
				 - Use consistent formatting throughout (12 point font, Times New Roman);

				 - single-spaced;

				 - use clear headings and minor headings to organize thoughts and analysis;

				 - embed tables, charts, or graphs in the text;

				 - provide a title page; and

				 - an APA-style reference page.

			 - Click the Grading Rubric link to see the criteria I will use to assess your work.

			 - Due: Sunday at 11:59 p.m., CT

			 - Points Possible: 80

	 - CPT memo
		 - What was the focus of the course work this week?
			 - An Overview of Business Ethics

		 - What were the topics?
			 - This week, I learned about various ethical considerations that need to be taken into account in professional and business organizations. Some of the most important things I learned were: (1) I learned about how to map out my future professional goals while taking into consideration my family obligations. (2) I learned about the ethical challenges faced by innovative business models such as Uber, and how these concerns may apply to organizations in other industries as well.  

		 - How does it relate to your work? 
			 - As we are going through this unprecedented COVID-19 crisis and working from home, what I learned about my professional goals and balancing my family / work obligations was very valuable. In my role as a Product Manager for Adobe Experience Platform, I am currently subject to a work from home policy which extends until July 2021. While working from home, it is very easy to not draw a line of separation between work and family obligations. This week's module has made me think more carefully about these issues and will enable me to better balance work and family obligations.

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - DONE Next week Jurgen on vacation

	 - Discussed the dialogue between different parts of the self; where is the nurturing and maternal character? That's missing.

	 - Self-care: do I have enough self-care? I feel like I do, but I make it into another chore or goal.

	 - Where is the locus of control? Different parts of me are fighting for this internally.

	 - What's my relationship with my parents? Is it very formal? Lacking in closeness? I chose not to let them in so much because of cultural differences and value differences.

	 - About struggles and challenges: we've talked about this with my mom, but not with my dad. Does my dad try to exert too much control?
