- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] {{word-count}} 
{{[[POMO]]}}
		 - Today's journal. It was very difficult to wake up today for some reason. I mean, the alarm went off, but I was still deep in sleep. Well, that's exactly what the issue was I think. The alarm happened to go off while I was in the middle of a sleep cycle. I wonder if there's a reliable way for this not to happen, so that I can wake up at the end of a sleep cycle or when I'm in a lighter phase of sleep? That's what a couple of apps promised to do, but none of them worked reliably, and I think a large part of the blame lies with Apple, because they don't allow apps sufficient permissions to work like that in the background. Anyway, I guess I'm kind of beholden to them until either they release their own version of sleep tracking, which might be nice, or I wait for them to open up better for third parties. Why am I even wearing the AW to bed? I think I'm getting some sleep tracking stats right, but am I really?

		 - DONE Roam Dark age line width too much #[[Projects]]-Personal-IT #Projects

		 - Food tracking is getting better. Or we're finally getting started with it. I think I'd like to start entering it into Apple health on a regular basis to see the delta between energy burned and consumed. That's always been one of the main missing data points in my Apple health review. If I manage to add food tracking data, I'll really have a lot of good data going on. Cronometer is the ideal way I think to add this data. Only, they may be behind a paywall for the features I need such as recipes. Let me look at it. That's not the case actually. Most of the features I need are not behind a paywall. It's perfectly good. Let me start adding this data to Cronometer on a regular basis

		 - DONE Cronometer vs wholesome #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects

		 - Spent some time randomly looking up nutrition apps on reddit / google. I'm very distracted or distractable today. I wonder how the day will go? I have nothing going on all day, but I could definitely make progress on work projects. That hasn't been happening for the past couple of days some reason. Can it happen today? Yes, let me try to do this. Do or do not, there is no try. Wise words of master Yoda. OK.

		 - What next? Word count was pretty low today. Well that's alright. It's all good. Nothing really to worry about. We will bury them. Tomorrow is independence day in India. Well, Aug 15. I'm not really one to celebrate it, but it's worth noting I guess.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - Two focus blocks for QS: Close open loops

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		 - Yep, did the two focus blocks!

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - 6pm
			 - Chicken curry 400g

			 - Cauliflower rice 0.5 pack

			 - Salad 300g

			 - Roti 1.5

			 - Apple 1

			 - Greek yogurt 0.5

			 - Twix 1

			 - Ice cream sandwich 1

			 - Beer IPA 330ml

			 - Beer imperial stout 330ml

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- [[QS-Batch]] [[Chained Queries]]
	 - [Event Based Triggering Design](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/DMSArchitecture/Event+Based+Triggering+Design)

	 - [POS - PQS integration for Event based triggers and inter dag dependency](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/DMSArchitecture/POS+-+PQS+integration+for+Event+based+triggers+and+inter+dag+dependency)

- Meeting with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]] on DULE / RBAC
	 - {DONE}} Define UX for conjoint label propagation 

	 - DONE Define RBAC for QS #QS-Batch #Projects

	 - In the industry, DULE is focused on actioning / activation, but it's not focused on analytics and ML.

	 - How to treat analytics dashboards as an activation use case?

	 - {DONE}} Wiki / slide on QS GTM limits #QS-Batch #Projects

- AEP Intelligence / Query Service GTM meeting with [[Anurag Dodeja]]
id:: 4b20bc50-b995-4b21-ad57-a9a76cbc4247
	 - Current GTM: See "as of June 2020" slide
		 - We don't have data on who has bought this

		 - We don't have enforcements for a lot of stuff; it's just in the contracts

	 - Anurag's proposed GTM
		 - AEP Intelligence (old) = AEP Intelligence Lite (new)

		 - AEP Intelligence Add on (old) = AEP Intelligence (new)

		 - Plus add-ons that can be purchased (e.g. more SQL prep, etc.)

		 - AEP Intelligence also provides more Data Lake

	 - QS throttling
		 - Either weekly, monthly, or annual 

	 - Competetive analysis on GTM QS #QS-Batch #Projects

	 - Agenda
		 - What's the current packaging vs. future packaging?

		 - Where does QS fit in?

		 - How do we throttle / carve out QS?

		 - Raj slide

- Penn address update
	 - PennInTouch lists several addresses including "permanent address", "local address", and "learning from address". Could you please clarify which address the welcome packets will be sent to? Thanks! :)

- {DONE}} GTD
	 - TODO August Sander, People of the 20th Century #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

	 - {DONE}} Stylus / pencil for iPad whiteboarding #[[Projects]]-Shopping #Projects

	 - DONE Send photos to RukmaAndNikhil Whatsapp #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects

	 - DONE Build YouTube 3x iOS app #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Side-Projects]] #Someday

	 - DONE Kathakali restaurant

	 - DONE Effortless output with Roam course: https://learn.nateliason.com/

	 - {DONE}} Xunjing resume feedback

- Conversation with [[Dad]]
	 - Knee. Medial meniscus torn. Remove a bit of it via surgery in 2018. Leading to bone grinding against bone.

- AEP Intelligence meeting with [[Anurag Dodeja]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]], [[Anshuman Nangia]]
	 - Saurabh's Value proposition: integration of analytical system with operational system. So far it is siloed. AEP's value prop is in bringing these together. We help rewire [[Enterprise Architecture]] to integrate operational and analytical systems.

	 - AEP's mission is to link the analytical system with the operational system.

	 - CJA is for analytics. CDP is for operations. This is the missing piece.

- EAP [[Financial planning]]
	 - About
		 - They offer financial coaching and planning, but not advising.

	 - Set long term and short term financial goals
		 - Travel and vacation

		 - Home purchase

		 - Education

		 - Loans and debt

		 - Retirement

		 - Childcare - daycare, etc.

		 - Children's education

	 - Make wills

	 - Complete exercises

	 - Budget sheet
		 - Gross income = before deductions

		 - Net income = take home

	 - Agenda
		 - Recently combined finances; how to set goals?

		 - How to continue these conversations? 

- {DONE}} Saurabh EMBA signature #EMBA #2020-W34 #Projects [[August 21st, 2020]]
