- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Hello world! Today is a brand new day. What am I up to today? I have some work tasks that I wanna do. Then I also have some personal tasks, and of course, some meetings. Then I'm closing out the day with some course work. What else is going on?

		 - I've been thinking about the Google application. Seems a bit challenging, and involving some study. I'm willing to put in the work, because I think it will be worth it, but I should also realize that it's not a done deal. Like it'll be hard to make it happen. No matter though... I'll actually work for it. I think it's a meaningful goal. Let me first talk to the recruiter, and then I'll make a proper recruiting plan including prep and practice interviews. Any other thoughts on this? Not that I can think of. It seems like a pretty straight forward process. Just gotta practice and make it. Much like consulting interview prep. I can seek out a couple of professional interview practice coaches and work with them to get good feedback. There is some level of nervousness that steps in when I do these interviews which is totally lacking in my day to day life. I need that confidence. But I already am pretty confident? I think for me this just comes with preparation. Especially in the behavioral parts - just prepare for the basic questions. Mould them into the actual questions asked, don't just leave it at the level of stories.

		 - What else for the Google thing? Not much that I can think of. I think maybe I should also apply to other firms? Be very selective about which other firms I'm applying to and what their philosophy is. I'm used to such an employee-friendly firm now that it'll be difficult to adjust to a more intense culture. So I'm not sure what firms out there have that culture. Google definitely. But should I also apply to Apple? Nah. Facebook I think is one that I can try. Yes. Less good than Google, but worth trying nonetheless.

		 - I got a really nice massage from Rukma this morning. It was an oil massage for my upper back and neck, because I've been having pain in that area for the past couple of days. What does the pain feel like? I feel it when I move and in certain postures. E.g. when my neck is perfectly straight. I feel it in the area where my neck makes contact with my back. My lower neck. But it's inside, it's not on the surface. As I lean my neck back, I can feel it even more sharply. What's the sensation? It's like a pinching sensation? It's not really throbbing, it's just there.  Hmm.. describing pain is hard.

		 - What else is going on? Work is a bit slow at the moment. It's quiet time which I can use to catch up and make progress on some of my IC stuff, like the analytics project. Also need to make that CA deck that we talked about. What else? Course is going quite fine... group project remains for 594, and then the final project for 595. Beyond that it's just a matter of prep for the exams. All will be totally fine. I should prioritize the 595 project for now, because it has a tighter deadline. Yes.

		 - What about health and wellness? My weight has really shot up a lot. Above 63 now. Bring back OMAD. Yes. Mint strips will help. Also having cucumber snacks will help. Be strict about not eating during the day. Just have cucumber snacks where needed. And eat well during the night. Have a full meal. Stick to slow carb for now, don't even need keto right now. OK. That's my resolution. Then the exercise maybe not starting right now, but when I get back in Jan. Yes, that makes sense.

		 - DONE Order mint strips

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- CJA - Interop meeting with [[Brandon George]], [[Chris Luby]], [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - Validation tool may be a good use case to pursue

	 - Our feedback may be skewed by the fact that we are talking to experienced customers. New customers and new implementations may have different needs

	 - Persona: QS + CJA users are usually CJA admins, very familiar with data, responsible for getting data into CJA; data engineer.

	 - Three use cases emerged
		 - ETL

		 - QA / Validation

		 - Jumping off point for further analysis
			 - CJA can only break down with one dimension; QS is needed to break down by multiple dimensions.

			 - E.g. "dig deeper" button

	 - DONE Conduct general QS-CJA interviews #[[QS-CJA]]

- CA: Operationalized Stitched Experience Events with [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]], [[Anil Malkani]]
	 - DONE Ratio of data scanned to volume of data in data lake - for Saurabh

	 - Also include CA for Advanced SQL Prep - Chained SQL is an infra piece for supporting 

	 - Overview sections - AEP Data Stores slide - don't say real-time; get rid of it; talk about who needs unified stitched profiles
		 - Context: Set the context - who needs stitched experience events with merged attributes; needed for dashboards, CJA, Data Science, Data egress also; Call out USE CASES

		 - Manual stitching - problems; need accuracy between system of record (real time customer profile); system of insights is CJA, etc. Needs stitching based on Identity Graph. These both have to be in-sync. Data Lake is the mechanism for stitching. So that there is accuracy in the two systems; PUT THIS CONTENT IN the RED slide

		 - Problem: Manual stitching

		 - Solution: Zen

	 - DONE Meet Danny Miller on Profile - SQL

	 - Drivers
		 - 1 - Build your own dashboards (not Exp)

		 - 3 - in slide

		 - 4 - DSW for custom ML

	 - DONE Create UI mock-ups #[[Projects]]-QS-UPS #Projects #2020-W50
		 - Monitoring

		 - Chained queries

	 - DONE Sync with Brian on GTM

	 - DONE Resctructure deck #[[Projects]]-QS-UPS #Projects #2020-W50
		 - Context and drivers
			 - AEP’s unique value prop

			 - Use cases - CJA, DSW, Intel. Services, Dashboards, etc.

			 - Needs of drivers - latency, freshness, etc.

			 - Challenges and problems - manual approach

		 - Strategy and roadmap
			 - Zen - what we want to strive for

			 - Approach / marchitecture

			 - Capabilities – ad-hoc, run-time based stitching, normalized, approximate queries, monitoring, Chained SQL Prep
				 - Categorize capabilities by use case

			 - UX/UI mock-up (reference CJA mocks)
				 - Non-Profile customers (e.g. CJA): analytical workloads; want to use purely for identity resolution and merging.

				 - Profile customers: I want to export attributes and events from UPS; obscure the back-end

			 - Roadmap – unifying operational/analytical experiences

		 - Next steps
			 - POC (back-end)

			 - UI resources for design

		 - Appendix
			 - Use case detailed requirements – CJA, DSW, Intelligent Services, etc.

- QS Product Analytics [[QS-Metrics]] with [[Amy D]]
	 - Agenda
		 - How to marry back end and front end data?

	 - Error code standardization - for Queries

	 - Product analytics dashboard
		 - Can I upload mine as a third party dataset?

		 - DONE Meet with Deepak Kurian Joshua and/or Karishma Agarwal (better Karishma) - works with customer analytics, CPA team; Ask [[Saurabh Mahapatra]] #[[Projects]]-QS-Analytics #Projects 

		 - Use stats as evidence of my performance as a QS PM!

		 - DONE Talk to Kristy on entitlements reporting #[[QS-Metrics]]
