- DONE Expedia / Mixpanel feedback [[September 30th, 2020]]

- DONE Prep TR demo #[[Projects]]-QS-Collateral #Projects [[October 2nd, 2020]]

- DONE Set up time with Goutam to review performance

- DONE Fezibo desk drawer issue #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects #2020-W41
	 - Write to customer support

	 - Wash fabric? Surround it?

- DONE Fix documentation issues (EY) #[[Projects]]-QS-misc #Projects #2020-W41 [[October 7th, 2020]]

- DONE Shared accoun5 for cash #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

- Sukriti
	 - Hi Sukriti — Congratulations and welcome to the MCIT program! :)I believe that the sharing of actual code is unfortunately not allowed, but I'd be happy to help out in any other way I can! It's also worth noting that 591 has a new professor (and new assignments) since I took it this Spring. In addition to Piazza, I also recommend Slack as a resourcce. Check out especially the channel #support as well as the channel for your course (e.g. #cit-591-fall20).

	 - 

- Writing notes on [[Expedia Experimentation - AEP engagement]]

- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - Journaling today after a while. Had some false starts in the last week or so, but now I think we're trying to make a genuine attempt to get back on the bandwagon. Waking up now at 7am (hopefully should push to 6am), and then also getting back to other aspects of routine. Today I started with 10 mins of meditation. Still haven't started exercising, but that will happen soon. In fact, it should happen tomorrow.

		 - What about work? Today I need to complete the roadmap tickets issue. Then on Friday I need to focus on a demo for TR. How to integrate Tableau? I first need to get a license for that, and then  I need to go through Wouter's course to be able to give the demo. I will do it.

		 - Other than work. What about the interviews? I hope the interviews went well! I know for sure that 1 of them went amazingly well, 2 of them went quite well, and then the last one went a little bit less than well. All depends on the competition out there I guess. Would I hire me based on this feedback? I would probably at least go through the next round to decide. Because there's lots of super positive feedback, and one piece of minorly negative feedback from Judy. If I proceed to the next stage, I need to reach out and have a conversation with Shambhavi. If I get selected then I'll reach out to her, say thanks, and just alert her of this issue. I really hope I get selected! But on the other hand yesterday Judy was complaining about how she had to work on PPC slides after 5pm, so I'm not sure what kind of team they're running over there. Sounds interesting, and something new, if it's Sr. then I should defs take it. Even otherwise I probably should. I'm not learning much at my role. It's too complex. But I also need a contingency plan for what happens in case I don't get this role. Where is my career going? It's not super great. I'm kind of just languishing. Been a PM for too long. What's my path to becoming Senior? Is that so important right now? I also have other things I can focus on. For the course, this is my last semester of doing 2 courses at once I think. I'm going to drop down to 1 from next sem onwards, and keep it at that. I don't want to be so busy, and it's not a race to finish anyway. So all good.

		 - DONE Get money / reimbursements from Adobe this week #[[Projects]]-Work-misc #Projects #2020-W41

		 - Money would be good, because we have some expenses coming up. 

		 - OK. What else? On the personal front? I've talked about a number of things. Work. Personal. EC. EC is kind of on hold. Well I talked about the course, but that seems to be the main thing so far. The other project with Rukma is a little bit on hold right now. What else is even there to talk about? What's really good? What's on my mind? I can't think of anything?

		 - Parents and wedding plans. Seems OK so far. I think they're investing a lot into this, but that's totally good, they can do it. I think the other thing to sort is the wedding plans for next yr. 

		 - DONE Come up with wedding dates proposal this week #[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil #Projects

		 - Hmm... what else? That is pretty much all the major stuff right now.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Avvo for [[Marriage green card application]]
	 - avvo.com@nikhilmaddirala.com

	 - vWfedRD8oAD!4ZRf

- Meeting with [[Dave McNamee]]
	 - [[QS Parity for AA DWH]]
		 - Process for figuring out parity requirements
			 - What are the use cases for AA DWH? 

			 - Do we need to service them in CJA / AEP?

			 - If yes, do we need QS? Or can we do it in CJA.

		 - AA DWH use cases
			 - DWH provides a report creation tool for break-down reports and also for other more complex reports.

			 - Generates reports that gets around the constraints of AW. E.g. AW has cardinality limits on variables. Also, AW is not good for large bulk reports.

	 - Data feeds can get post-values or mid-values.

	 - [[CJA Migration]] project overall
		 - Migration is only relevant for legacy customers.

	 - Adobe Analytics has the charter to build DDOM.

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Jira for performance benchmarks

	 - Ask shiv for performance testing

	 - DONE Ask Anil if I can participate in QS / performance issues

	 - DONE Does JQL have special functions or helper tools (they mentioned an iterator)

	 - DONE Ask Anil / Kamal for Tableau

	 - DONE  Documentation: only "where" clause can be parameterized in QS UI, but in API all can be parameterized

	 - DONE https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLATQ-3653

	 - Rohan already presented to Meera; 

	 - Agenda
		 - DONE Tableau license

		 - DONE Expedia update

		 - DONE Performance benchmarks ticket

		 - DONE DDOM charter gone to Keith / AA

		 - Rohan UI - what?

- [[QS-UI]] meeting with [[Rohan Kapoor]]
	 - Rohan presented his deck. It's still way too long. He insists on having way too many slides.

	 - Anyway, next step is for me to set up a meet with a UI PM when he says he's ready.

- [[QS-DDOM]] meeting
	 - Dave told me that Keith Eadie now owns the charter for DDOM.

	 - This was brought up in the all, and there seems to be a lot of confusion.

- Data prep meeting with [[Keshav Vadrevu]] and [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]

- 
