- [[Daily journal]]
	 - {{[[POMO]]}}

	 - [[What's on my mind today?]]
		 - Starting the week again. This weekend was very nice. I got a good mix of work done as well as relaxation, films, and spending time together with Rukma. What's missing from this? Nothing really. Last week also went well didn't it? I think the only issue was that I had a lot of work. Mostly the MCIT work. I think this will continue for the next week or two, because these last two assignments are known to be super difficult.

		 - Also, I'm planning to propose to Rukma this weekend on Saturday. I should make sure I'm all set for that. I guess the plan is that this week I dedicate to assignment 12 and get done with it by Friday evening. This leaves the weekend free. Next week and weekend I take for assignment 13. Try to finish it. If it doesn't work, then I try to use a couple of extra days. Let's see. Also time to schedule the final exam.

		 - DONE Ask about late policy for assignment 13.

		 - DONE Schedule 593 final exam

		 - What about my plan to propose to Rukma? I think the only potential issue is if she plans something else for Saturday evening. I'm pretty sure that shouldn't happen though. We'll hang on Saturday evening. I'll use the afternoon to prep. I already have a list of things that I need. Candles, flowers, good food, princess cake. I'll have some time on Wednesday to do further planning. Also I'll spend some time on it today to make sure that I'm on track and I have everything identified. Plan for food, what do I want? I can try that special Kirkland place on the list. Junaita or something. That might be nice. Italian. Or I could get a regular delivery from Guilt trip or some such place. Though the fancy thing might be kind of nice for the occasion. Nice wine, champagne, nice beer will all be good. Maybe we can enjoy nice wine together. Storyteller wine. What about a plan for photographs? Well, I think maybe for the actual weekend we can just take some self photographs, and then we'll also get a professional photographer to take some photos later? Or we can just do that on Sunday as well. That might make more sense. Let's see if I can find something. Something outdoors would be good. Alright, I guess I have some research / work cut out for me this week. Better get started today.

		 - DONE Look into engagement photographer

		 - What else is on mystery mind? I've been continuing Will Durant's story of civilization; almost done with volume 1 on our oriental heritage. Next up is Greece. This volume was pretty good. I think I got the most out of the sections on India, because I already had some scaffolding. For the other sections, it was hard to grasp, because there's a ton of information thrown at you, and without a map or a mental model for it, it's easy for all that to slip by. But I do think I absorbed a decent amount just by some kind of osmosis, so that's good.

		 - What's going on with Roam Research I wonder? Are they planning to come out with some kind of mobile application? Will it become as polished as Notion in future? I think perhaps it might make sense to switch the task list from Dynalist to Notion. It probably has better mobile app, better structure, and task management is one thing where structure is in fact quite useful. I guess if Roam comes out with a fantastic task management app, then it may not be needed, but until then. Well, I can also stick with Dynalist for a bit. For now I think that's what will happen. Need to catch up with parents as well. I think it would be good to set up a recurring time with them. Let me see if some weekday morning on their time works. Let's start with this week, and then take it from there. OK, my time is kind of running out. Bis später! 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - Work: Roadmap + CJA + Scheduling

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		 - Did some of the work stuff; scheduling needs more.

		 - Made a lot of progress on MCIT & completed EMBA for the week (mostly).

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - 6pm: salad + meat + beans + mango + apple + yogurt

		 - Nothing else!

	 - [[Anything else?]]

- QS Roadmap
	 - Created roadmap from AEP Insights slides and shared with Saurabh and Anil for review.

	 - Having problems syncing OneDrive shared folder, so it lives in my personal folder for now.

- BJ ticket
	 - Hi, my BlueJeans meetings keep freezing for a few seconds once every few minutes. I've tried rebooting my Macbook and reinstalling the BlueJeans application, but that didn't seem to help. I've also followed these instructions, but it didn't help: https://adobe.service-now.com/sc?id=kb_article&sys_id=bae20974db1e805409451fdc13961925

	 - Would appreciate any help. Thanks in advance! 

- CJA
	 - Set up weekly 1:1s with Trevor and Dave

- DONE Get PRD template from Sneha

- Saurabh 1:1
	 - Scheduling
		 - Figure out GTM issues; how much is a user entitled to? What are the limits?

		 - First ship the product with minimal improvements, then come up with detailed PRD.

	 - Auto-scaling: 
		 - Reframe auto-scaling to "problem" rather than solution; push Trevor and Dave to get access to customer and find the customer pain point. Do they need longer time-outs (beyond 10 mins)? Do they need the queries to execute faster? What exactly do they need?

	 - Agenda
		 - Query scheduling UI

		 - Cost model

- DONE Organize freewrite topics

- [[Freewrite]] on [[MCIT-593]]
	 - {{[[POMO]]}}

	 - MCIT 593 Intro to Computing Systems is a course that takes you all the way from hardware to software. Computer programming is all about abstractions. At the highest level of abstraction, I see that I'm typing keys on the keyboard and words are showing up on my display as I'm using this word processor. But at a much lower level of abstractions, there are some electrical signals going through a complex circuitry that is underlying this phenomenon.

	 - In this course, the highest level of abstraction is a bit lower than word processing - it's the C programming language. But all programming languages (including C) have print and scan commands that can take input from your keyboard and display it on your screen. This is similar to what the word processor is doing (in a very limited sense). So this course teaches you how to get from there to the lowest level of abstraction, which is the circuit diagrams for transistors. 

	 - Of course, it's far too complicated to go in one step from the high to the low, so we take several intermediate steps that go up/down one level of abstraction. The abstraction layers that we deal with are:
		 - C programming language

		 - Assembly language

		 - Machine code

		 - Bits and bytes

		 - CPU architecture: Von Neumann

		 - Sequential logic: Latches and flip-flops

		 - Combinatorial logic: Logic gates

		 - Transistors

	 - We can talk a little bit about each layer of abstraction. Actually, the course itself starts with the lowest and goes to the highest, but it might make sense to start with the highest and go to the lowest. Let's take a first pass.

	 - Suppose I want to do a very simple program like Print("Hello World"). How do we de-abstract this program? Actually a better example would be an arithematic operation like 1 + 2. This way we can translate it to binary and to the actual logic gates themselves. 
		 - C programming language
			 - Here we actually have the statement printf... it's encapsulated in a main function and so on. This is the level at which the human interacts with the computer. Everything below is without human intervention (except of course at the time of design).

		 - Assembly language
			 - To get from C to assembly, we need something called a compiler. Really? I thought compiler takes you from C to machine code. This program translated into assembly language is a series of commands to the assembler. The commands look like "Load char H into memory location 1, load char e into memory location", "load this pointer into the display data register", etc. This is the lower level of how we communicate with processors. This langauge is specific to an ISA. Intel will specify how to talk to it's processors and what language to use.

		 - Machine code / Bits and bytes
			 - Machine code is one level below assebly. Machine code is just a series of 1s and zeros. It's in binary. We have to understand how binary representation works. An instruction in machine code looks like this "111000010101010011". It may have more or less characters. This is an instruction to the CPU! How? Through binary. That's a literal binary translation of "LDR R0 R1". For example. But how does this work? Or Add R2 IMM. That's a better example.

		 - CPU architecture: Von Neumann
			 - How does the CPU actually carry out these instructions? As it passes through the circuit certain instructions are sent in certain places. In particular the flow of data is separated from the flow of control signals. The instruction 111000010101010011, different parts parse different parts of the instruction. First part goes to arithmetic unit, next part goes to control unit, etc. Add some info from actual architecture.

		 - Sequential logic: Latches and flip-flops
			 - Now, just one part of the instruction is going to one of the latches. How does this perform the function of doing operations and storing data?

		 - Combinatorial logic: Logic gates
			 - Each of these latches and flip-flops are ultimately made up of logic gates.

			 - Maybe this and the above should be combined into one section. Here we pass through things one bit at a time. How does addition translate into logic gates?

		 - Transistors
			 - The lowest level of abstracition in our course. We learn about a type of transistor called Mosfet transistor. They come in positive and negative varieties. Positive transistors will allow charge to flow through when 

			 - Below this?
				 - There's a lot that's below transistors. For electrical engineers, transistors are already a quite abstract concept. For physicists it is even more abstract. They might want to talk about the flow of electrons.

- Meeting with [[Juliana Taylor]]
	 - Friend of [[Thelma Boamah]]

	 - Works for [[Kabbage]] - a company that gives line of credit based on data analysis of transactional data (how often do you pay your bills, etc.)

	 - Works in a partnerships role; collaborating with Airbnb for example to see how their hosts can get credit against future bookings.

	 - Started working more in product related roles; collaborates with PMs on customer requirements, etc. Building requirements documents, project management, etc.

- DONE Create product management resources list

- DONE Google keep
	 - Entrepreneur task to Dynalist

	 - AirPods Pro add on for running

	 - Butter

	 - Eye drops

	 - Bathtub caddy

- Ottawa [[EMBA]] W5
	 - Discussion 1
		 - Response
			 - Below are a couple of the most important information security practices that companies should make use of:

**Adopt safe password practices**: Most data breaches are due to poor password practices. "The Verizon 2016 Data Breach Investigations Report found that 63 percent of data breaches happened due to lost, stolen or weak passwords." (Segal, 2019) Therefore, one of the simplest and most effective methods of strengthening your company's information security is to enforce safe password practices such as: requiring strong passwords, adopting single-sign on authentication instead of passwords, enabling multi-factor authentication for increased security, etc. 

**Encrypt data where possible**: Even after adopting safe password practices as mentioned in the above point, organizations must be prepared to deal with the possibility of data breaches. In such cases, data encryption is the best possible tool. "Strong encryption can prevent data being viewed or used, even if it is taken by a malicious party." (“7 Best Cyber Security Practices Your Business Should be Following,” 2020) Even if your organization's data is breached, the attackers will be unable to view or use your data towards any meaningful end so long as it is encrypted (preferably using strong encryption and end-to-end encryption where possible). These days consumers are also very tech-savvy, and will prefer to use tools and software that have strong encryption practices. Poor encryption is not only a security risk, but also a Public Relations risk.


References:

Segal, C. (2019, June 24). 8 Cyber Security Best Practices For Your Small To Medium-Size Business. Retrieved from https://www.coxblue.com/8-cyber-security-best-practices-for-your-small-to-medium-size-business-smb/

7 Best Cyber Security Practices Your Business Should be Following. (2020). Retrieved from https://stratixsystems.com/7-best-cyber-security-practices-your-business-should-be-following/

		 - Prompt
			 - Businesses must continually upgrade their security software and try to stay one step ahead of hackers and computer criminals. Securing information systems from unauthorized access, abuse, destruction, or tampering of assets requires a combination of training, procedures, and technologies. With all of the advanced technologies available today, there still seems to be an ever-increasing number of information security data breaches. From your research and perspective, what are the most important tools and technologies for safeguarding information resources? Where are the greatest weaknesses in an organization’s information security?

	 - Discussion 2
		 - Response
			 - Below are a few examples of standardized enterprise systems:

**Jira Project Management tools**: According to Atlassian Jira, a leading vendor of project management software, its purpose is to "track each piece of work that needs to pass through the workflow steps to completion" (Atlassian, 2020). In some previous organizations I have seen each project manager use their own individual Excel or Word documents to track the status of their projects. This is very inefficient, because other stakeholders need to keep reaching out to the project manager to get status updates. Moreover, different project managers may use different templates and standards for project management. Now at my company we use Jira which standardizes this process such that all project managers follow the same template (which can be slightly customized per project), and anyone at the company can easily query the status of any project.

**Salesforce Customer Relationship Management (CRM)**: According to Salesforce, a leading CRM software vendor, the purpose of CRM is that it "helps businesses better organize and access customer data" (“What is CRM Software? A Comprehensive Guide and Historical Overview of CRM,” 2020). Organizations may be having dozens or hundreds of customer conversations every day. Rather than each employee maintaining their own notes on the customers in their own system / standard, companies use CRM software to organize all that information and knowledge in a centralized manner so that managers can query the data as and when they need it, rather than reaching out to several salespeople.

References:

What is CRM Software? A Comprehensive Guide and Historical Overview of CRM. (2020). Retrieved from https://www.salesforce.com/crm/what-is-crm-infographic/

Atlassian. (2020). What is Jira used for? Retrieved from https://www.atlassian.com/software/jira/guides/use-cases/what-is-jira-used-for

		 - Prompt
			 - Enterprise systems provide value both by increasing operational efficiency and by providing company-wide information to help managers make better decisions. Large companies with many operating units in different locations have used enterprise systems to enforce standard practices and data so that everyone does business the same way. Enterprise systems help companies respond rapidly to customer requests for information or products.

			 - What standardized tools or systems are used within your current or past business? Why is standardization an important factor?

	 - Assignment
		 - Response
			 - Introduction
				 - In this essay, I will provide a brief overview of the various supply chain processes and services offered by two companies: Schneider Logistics and J.B. Hunt. I will also analyze to what extent customers can leverage the websites of these companies to make use of their services, and finally I will compare both companies against each other in terms of the services they offer, and I will conclude with a recommendation for which company I would select to help my firm manage its supply chain.

				 - My conclusion is that I would select J.B. Hunt, rather than Schneider, because J.B. Hunt provides a two-sided marketplace for shippers and carriers, whereas Schneider is a one-sided firm that is focused primarily on the needs of the shipper. To make an analogy to the world of consumer transportation, JB Hunt is like Uber (a two-sided marketplace connecting riders and drivers), while Schneider is like a traditional taxi company (a one-sided service that is focused primarily on the needs of riders). I believe that two-sided marketplaces are always much more robust, because they cater to the needs of both sides of the market, and therefore they provide much more value in the long run, by incentivizing both buyers and sellers to stay on the platform. 

				 - In this essay, I will use the hypothetical example of a firm Acme Inc, a manufacturer of widgets, which manufactures widgets at several manufacturing locations all across the country, and then it needs to transport these widgets to its various distributors and customers that are also located all across the country. In order to accomplish this, Acme inc needs to answer questions such as: "Which manufacturing center should be used to ship to which distributor?", "How many widgets should be manufactured at each manufacturing center to optimize my supply chain?", "Which carriers should I use to undertake the shipping projects?", "How should the entire process be managed", etc. Since Acme Inc. does not have expertise in supply chain and logistics (rather, its expertise lies in the manufacture of widgets), it is seeking the help of a supply chain company to help with these questions.

			 - Supply chain processes and services offered by Schneider and J.B. Hunt
				 - Some of the key processes and services offered by Schneider and J.B. Hunt are as follows:

				 - Transportation procurement and carrier management: This is perhaps the most basic and fundamental service offered by these companies. For a firm like Acme, it will take care of the shipping needs from end to end. Acme simply needs to provide the addresses of its manufacturing facilities, the addresses of its distributors and customers, and the specific quantities that need to be transported from a particular manufacturing facility to a particular distributor or customer. The logistics company will identify the right carriers across the country for each of the shipments, and manage the entire shipment process. Several different modes of shipping can be specified, including intermodal, dedicated, brokerage, bulk, high-value, etc. (“Schneider Logistics,” 2020).

				 - Logistics and supply chain management: This is a more complex service compared to transportation procurement. Rather than asking Acme for precise information about how many widgets are manufactured at which facility, and which widgets need to be shipped from which facility to which distributor, the supply chain firm will actively work with Acme to answer these questions from scratch. They might even help Acme decide which manufacturing facilities to close down, and where to open new manufacturing facilities (and how to redistribute load among the existing facilities) in order to optimize Acme's operations. According to the Supply Chain Resource Cooperative: "Supply chain management (SCM) is the active management of supply chain activities to maximize customer value and achieve a sustainable competitive advantage." (Handfield, 2020)

				 - Transportation Management System (TMS): This is a technology platform that will enable the above two services (primarily the transportation procurement and carrier management service). "A transportation management system (TMS) is a logistics platform that uses technology to help businesses plan, execute, and optimize the physical movement of goods" (Oracle, 2020). This is a technology platform that is used by both shippers and carriers to keep track of their inventory as it moves across the entire shipping journey. A very simplified example would be the tracking system used by carriers like Fedex and UPS, where packages are scanned at every stage of the package delivery process (package received at carrier facility, package sent out for delivery on truck, package delivered, etc.). TMS offers a more robust and comprehensive, enterprise grade version of such a tracking software.  

			 - Comparing Schneider vs. J.B. Hunt: websites and services
				 - Schneider's website (“Schneider Logistics,” 2020) serves primarily as an advertisement for the processes and services offered by the company. Additionally, the website also contains a knowledge hub which contains articles and advice on best practices of logistics and supply chain. However, there is not much that customers can do with the website, other than using it as a portal to connect with the company's representatives to contract their services.

				 - JB Hunt's website on the other hand, seems to offer much more capabilities than Schneider's website. Here are some things that a customer can do simply by navigating various sections of the website: Get a quote, track a shipment, use the load board to find available loads, download the JB Hunt 360 application which connects shippers to carriers.

				 - One of the most striking differences between the two companies' websites is that JB Hunt's website has two sections dedicated to both shippers and carriers, whereas Schneider has no such demarcation or focus. Moreover, JB Hunt is offering a very unique application called JB Hunt 360 which connects shippers to carriers (very much like the app "Uber" in the consumer transportation world). This is indicative of a much larger strategic difference between the two companies. Whereas Schneider is primarily focused on meeting the needs of shippers, JB Hunt is focused on building a two-sided marketplace to connect shippers and carriers. As I noted in the introduction to this essay, JB Hunt is like Uber (a two-sided marketplace connecting riders and drivers), while Schneider is like a traditional taxi company (a one-sided service that is focused primarily on the needs of riders). For this reason, I believe that JB Hunt offers a more robust platform, and I would choose them for the needs of my compnay's (or Acme's) transportation and logistics.

			 - References
				 - Schneider Logistics. (2020). Retrieved from https://schneider.com/our-services/logistics
					 - (“Schneider Logistics,” 2020)

				 - Freight Shipping Services from J.B. Hunt | J.B. Hunt Transport. (2020). Retrieved from https://www.jbhunt.com/
					 - (“Freight Shipping Services from J.B. Hunt | J.B. Hunt Transport,” 2020)

				 - Oracle. (2020). What Is a Transportation Management System? Retrieved from https://www.oracle.com/applications/supply-chain-management/what-is-transportation-management-system.html
					 - (Oracle, 2020)

				 - Handfield, R. (2020, February 19). What is Supply Chain Management (SCM)? | SCM | Supply Chain Resource Cooperative (SCRC). Retrieved from https://scm.ncsu.edu/scm-articles/article/what-is-supply-chain-management-scm
					 - (Handfield, 2020)

		 - Prompt
			 - Week 5 Essay: Supply Chain Management

			 - Trucking companies no longer merely carry goods from one place to another. Some also provide supply chain management services to their customers and help them manage their information. In this project you’ll use the Web to research and evaluate two of these business services.

			 - Investigate the Web sites of two companies, [J. B. Hunt](http://www.jbhunt.com/) and [Schneider Logistics](http://www.schneider.com/logistics/), to see how these companies’ services can be used for supply chain management. Using the information found in those sites as well as your own outside reasearch, create a 2-3 page essay in which you answer the following questions:
				 - What supply chain processes can each of these companies support for their clients?

				 - How can customers use the Web site of each company to help them with supply chain management?

				 - Compare the supply chain management services provided by these companies. Which company would you select to help your firm manage its supply chain? Why?

			 - Your essay should be 2-3 pages in length and fully explore all of the following items described above. Include at least 2 outside citations (not including your text) and use proper APA formatting.

			 - Due: Sunday at midnight, CT

			 - Points Possible: 50

	 - CPT form
		 - Topic
			 - Securing Information Systems and Achieving Operational Excellence

		 - Subtopics
			 - Why are information systems vulnerable to destruction, error, and abuse?

			 - What is the business value of security and control?

			 - What are the components of an organizational framework for security and control?

			 - What are the most important tools and technologies for safeguarding information resources?

			 - What are the unique features of e-commerce, digital markets, and digital goods?

			 - What are the principal e-commerce business and revenue models?

			 - How has e-commerce transformed marketing?

			 - How has e-commerce affected business-to-business transactions?

			 - What is the role of m-commerce in business, and what are the most important m-commerce applications?

			 - What issues must be addressed when building an e-commerce Web site?

		 - Relevance
			 - As a Product Manager for Adobe Experience Platform's Query Service, I am responsible for enabling our customers to access their data from the data lake using SQL. As such, one of my responsibilities is to ensure that customer data is kept secure in accordance with best practices of information security. This week's coursework was particularly helpful in helping me understand industry best practices for securing information systems. I will implement these learnings as I work on improving Adobe Experience Platform's Query Service with respect to information security.

- Causal Analysis meeting with [[Saptho Nair]] an [[Meera Srinivasan]]

- DONE Reach out to Cedric Vicera about collaborating on videos?
