- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- DONE Adobe Stock job application #Waiting #[[Projects]]-Work-misc #Projects
	 - {DONE}} Submit resume [[September 3rd, 2020]]
		 - Hi Maya — Here's my resume (attached). Please feel free to block any open slot on my calendar for a discussion. Look forward to speaking soon! :) 

	 - DONE Interview prep [[September 15th, 2020]]

	 - Info
		 - External link: https://adobe.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/external_experienced/job/San-Francisco/Content-Intelligence-Product-Manager--Adobe-Stock_87335-1

		 - Internal link: https://wd5.myworkday.com/adobe/d/inst/15$158872/9925$67454.htmld

- Doug effective kickof
	 - Thanks, Doug — it's great that we have such a structured process for effective kick-offs now! :) I'm looking forward to engaging with this process, but often it's not clear to me when the right time to engage is. For example, you say "please don’t schedule “proposed” projects just yet", but given the increasing number of roadmap items that are not going through a CA process, the distinction between "proposed" and "prioritized" is often unclear. It would be great if we could also implement some process for clarifying these distinctions. 

- [[Best Buy]] customer meeting with [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - Intro
		 - Jacob Winter
			 - Analtyics lead; decision sciences; works with clickstream data

	 - Use case
		 - Consolidated AA data feed and export to on-prem Hadoop Cluster. Put it in big data platform. Has 70+ topics. Store purchases, fulfillment information, etc.

		 - Use Hive to access that data.

		 - Query the data and send it to other teams in the org.

		 - One year ago, move away from on-prem to cloud.

		 - Started thinking about enterprise data lake.

		 - Started testing AEP and Query Service.

		 - Selected GCP for their enterprise data lake.

		 - Still have on-prem solution, but in process of decomission.

		 - Building best-buy owned data schema and click-stream into google.

		 - Want to push it into AEP from GCP.

	 - Downstream use cases
		 - Primary use case: Audience creation and modeling; Informing enterprise audiences; build propensity models; data science. Clickstream data is just ONE of the many datapoints.

		 - Pushing data to demand planning teams for forecasting

		 - Visualization in power BI; authentication is the problem.

		 - Ad-hoc reporting.

	 - Pain points
		 - Data feeds are large and intimidating; Semantics of eVars and props; outside teams don't know.

		 - Post-processing: Need to distinguish between pre and post. Other teams outside analytics don't know the nuances.

		 - Post-processing: Need to calibrate AW/P with Query results.

		 - ADFs in QS: Functions are tricky to use sometimes, and much slower than AW. Especially attribution.

		 - QS: Attribution / marketing channels are missing

		 - Some queries are too complex for AA; have to do them in QS: basket analysis (which products are most frequently in the same basket)

	 - AEP Value prop
		 - GCP will be the main data lake for operational use cases and activation

		 - AEP is the data warehouse for interpretation, research, attribution, because visualization tools and reporting tools in Google are limited.

		 - Also integration with Audience Manager.

	 - Agenda
		 - Introductions
			 - Recording?

			 - What's your name and role in your organization?

		 - Current usage
			 - What do you use Adobe Analytics for?

			 - How do you use Google BigQuery in conjunction with Adobe Analytics?

			 - Walk us through your data exploration and data preparation workflows?

			 - When do you use BQ vs. AA?

			 - Do you plan on using QS? Why / why not?

		 - Priorities and pain points
			 - What are your pain points around BQ in conjunction with AA?

- Saurabh 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Data views UI

	 - Agenda
		 - UI Issues

- ADFs meet with [[Chris Luby]] and [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - Why are we doing this? Use cases
		 - Use case 1: 
			 - Parity with Analytics: Feeds on a daily basis with pre- and post- data. AA DWH

			 - Trevor Reframe: Not about matching data feeds, but about matching AW UI.

			 - DONE Need AEP replacement for data feeds

		 - Use case 2:
			 - Supporting workflows between analyst in AW and engineer in QS.

	 - DONE Send Big brain video to this group

	 - From the user perspective, they want to translate the metrics and dimensions directly, rather

	 - Why can't we do sessionization at write time?
		 - Because I learned new things later (e.g. a user has an iPad), which I need to write into the logic.

	 - 

- DONE Review fastai Azure spend #Projects #[[Projects]]-MCIT #2020-W42 [[October 15th, 2020]]
