- [[Daily journal]]
	 - Reference
		 - Keywords:

	 - This is so refreshing! Writing in this super cool page. Now I don't even have to worry about having a separate window on the side where I can capture my to dos and other things, because they can automatically be captured right here! Roam is a super cool application, and I think I'm going to stick to using it. It's really better than any other application I've used so far for note taking and reference information. The only thing it may not be ideal for is task management, and for that maybe, just maybe it's possible that we should use a notion for our shared stuff. We can have a shared notion space where we track areas, goals, and shared lists. Everything else should live in Roam I think. Roam will become my daily driver, and I'll have notion open specifically to deal with tasks and to track high level structured information. I like this plan. Let me explore some GTD set-ups in Notion. Or, for now we can even stick to Dynalist. I think it's fine actually. Stick to Dynalist. Use Roam as the inbox where everything is captured, this is a good plan. Then I put things, only todos, into dynalist, while everything else continues to remain in Roam. I think this is a better plan than trying to hack a GTD system in Roam, which it's not really designed to do.

	 - Oops, I just got distracted for a minute and switched to a different application, but my awareness caught it in an aha moment, and I came back to journaling. I wonder how often this happens during the day? I'm sure it happens VERY often and I'm not realizing it. I think I want to continue meditating as usual and bring in micro practices such as microhits and background practice to get better at this. I remember over the past few days there have been times when I'm getting so lost just doing normal tasks. Like I'm processing my inbox, and I'm deciding to file one thing somewhere, and it suddenly slips my mind. Well, at least I'm aware of it for now.

	 - What am I grateful for today? I'm grateful for Rukma. She's such a loving, supporting, and all around amazing individual. She makes my life better in almost every single way. I'm grateful for the good life that I live in general. What does this mean? I have a very cuchy life. I have a good job that pays very well and demands not an unreasonable amount of work. I life a life of sufficient luxury and creature comforts. Really what more should I be asking for and why?

	 - From next time I should put a pomo timer on top of my freewrites to track how much I'm writing. Oh, don't forget the references part of this now, towards the end, I'll add references to help me track the web of knowledge that I'm building up. This will be good. I'm always so excited to discover and use new tools, it's funny!

	 - And what do I want to accomplish today? I have a block of one and a half hours or so in the morning. Not too much. I think I should keep it focused on work related topics. For now I can implement my new GTD system. What else can I do? I can try to reply to some messages, etc. Then I'll figure out what work task I want to tackle. 

	 - How much time is left? Wow, apparently three's still 4.5 minutes left? OK. Apparently there's 2 mins left. I figured what work stuff I wanted to do. That's OK. What about plans for today evening? Now let me tag this with reference information. What key words do I want here? Daily journal is a good one. I need to figure out casing and hyphenation. Any others?

- DONE DSW-F wiki update

- DONE 1:1s set up

- Capture
	 - DONE Lubricant like wd40

	 - DONE Wayfair refund

	 - DONE Yale diploma cover

	 - DONE Roam Tour https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6PIrVZoZAk&feature=share

	 - Recipe
		 - Asian cauliflower fried rice recipe
			 - Keywords: #Recipe

			 - Cauliflower rice x 2 packs

			 - Chicken 800/4 = 200g

			 - Pork + shrimp 750/4 = ~ 180g

			 - Veggies (carrots + beans) = 1000/4 = 250g

		 - Asian salad recipe
			 - Keywords: #Recipe

			 - Cucumber 150g

			 - Cabbage 150g

			 - Radish 100g

			 - Lettuce 150g

			 - Onion 75g

			 - Vinegar, 2 tbsp, 32g

			 - Soy sauce, 2 tbsp, 35g

			 - Sesame oil, 1 tbsp, 12g

			 - Ginger, 3g

			 - Honey, 2 tbsp, 20g

- Video: Give your dev team wings! - [[Maja Jaakson]] & Jimmy Dahlqvist
	 - Talks about the benefits of bringing in design from the early stages of the project and having designers be part of the core team rather than external.

- Daily QS Scrum 10:00
	 - QS Engineering team is unclear on the scope of the DDOM project.  What kind of statistics and attributes are needed?

	 - DONE Ask Saurabh: How can I start getting involved in DDOM?

- OKRs review (CJA stuff)
	 - AEP Query for CJA messaging, customer success stories, & upsell for AEP Insights (2H' 2020)

	 - Customer PM Sponsor for Expedia, a CJA customer; CJA Customer Success

- DONE Ask for help on VS Code Devcointainers
	 - Does anybody have any experience [developing inside a container with VS Code remote](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers)? Specifically I'm trying to create a container with Ubuntu 14.04 and Java-8 (to run LCC and PennSim for CIT-593). Thanks in advance to anybody who can help me with this! :) 

	 - The part I'm having trouble with is the section [Creating a devcontainer.json file](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers#_creating-a-devcontainerjson-file). I am able to use the pre-defined container configurations that VS Code provides out of the box without any problems, e.g. VS Code's pre-defined Ubuntu dev-container runs fine - but this container doesn't have Java, and it's the wrong version of Ubuntu. So I'm trying to understand how to configure my own container with Ubuntu 14.04 + Java installed on it. I found the [Ubuntu containers on Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/_/ubuntu), but I'm not sure how to modify it for my needs.

- Intro meeting with Dave McNamee
	 - History
		 - Dave was the very first AEP PM! Even before Jim. At that time it was ACP. QS CA/PPC came very soon after ACP. QS is Dave's baby. 

		 - Original vision: QS not only SQL interface to AEP, but also replacement for Analytics warehouse. Later moved away to the AEP use case.

		 - QS is now poor man's ETL for CJA use case support.

		 - We need to broaden the scope of QS and get back to replacing Analytics Data Warehouse.

	 - CJA interlock
		 - DONE Add to bi-weekly meeting with Dave, Meera, Saurabh

		 - CJA includes some ad-hoc capability, but some use cases are too big.

		 - Want to move away from QS prep to Data Prep.

		 - Analytics team uses field based stitching as a work-around because UPS is insufficient for their needs. 

		 - QS needs to provide equivalent outputs to Adobe Analytics

		 - Quote from best buy: "if we have all of our data in analysis workspace, wed use it; we love analysis workspace."

		 - CJA enables Analytics customers to combine their AA data with other datasets from AEP.

		 - CJA also has fewer limitations than legacy AA 

- AEP Insights Update to Dave Weinstein and Jim Rivera
	 - DONE SQL exploration and prep slides
		 - Slide 1: introduce functionality (LHS: pictures; RHS: Highlights)
			 - Slides 2-3: One or two use cases

- Catch-up with [[Yogitha Chilukuri]]
	 - Joined in the Siphon team as a software developer

	 - Siphon handles batch ingestion (separate streaming ingestion)

	 - Intersection between QS and Siphon: QS CTAS results go into Data Lake, this calls siphon batch management process; goes through an extra step of validation and XDM conversion (we're trying to get rid of it).

	 - Migration from Catalog to Iceberg: Customers would see some downtime for datasets, so they had to communicate with admins. Now decided to combine with ADLS Gen2 project around Oct - Nov. This is related to Query Service, because customers work with these datasets through QS. Iceberg makes read more performant compared to catalog.

	 - IMS orgs list: Got a list of IMS orgs from Natalie.

	 - UPenn electives
		 - Intro to ML / ML

		 - Internet and Web Systems (course of software systems and distributed systems - build a search engine for final project) 

- Catch-up with Sunny Nguyen
	 - DONE Sample exam for 592 that's more recent that the existing one?

- [[Chaitanya Reddy]] meeting
	 - Duke MEM student. Seems like a smart and motivated kid looking to break into PM.

- QS Happy hour
	 - Undone tv show on Amazon - Andrew Chen says that siddharth dhananjay looks like me. 

- DONE Chromecast mac cast entire desktop

- [[Santosh Nazare]] call
	 - Keywords: [[Use VS Code to develop inside a docker container]]

	 - Get docker image from docker hub: Docker pull ubuntu:14.04

	 - Run the image without exiting: docker run --rm -it ubuntu:14.04

	 - Inside the image, run apt-get update and insert packages needed: clang, linker, etc.

	 - Now save the new image: docker commit <<container id>>

	 - docker run -v flag to allow access to a folder within docker
