- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]]
		 - Yesterday I had a good therapy session. We started to dive into some of the conflict that I have internally between my higher self and my lower self. We started to talk about some of the sources of the conflict, like where does it come from externally? I tried identifying some of the external sources, like growing up with high standards with parents, family, peer group, etc. but Jurgen thought that answer to be too abstract and I need to get into it more concretely. So we decided that we will work on this in the actual therapy sessions themsleves rather than as homework. Maybe once I get the hang of it, then I can work on my own. On my own, I'm more likely to create and to accept my own confabulations, without any external check or balance. But coming back to the point, are these really the sources of the high standards?

		 - Got distracted for a minute and switched to my calendar. Caught myself pretty quickly and switched back. This notion of not having too many open tabs at any given time is a really great idea. I think I have Rukma to thank for this. It offers much less potential for distraction. Really, what's the need to always have all my Adobe communication and my personal social media apps open at all times? They should be open at specific times when I'm working on those things. The Adobe apps can be open when I'm doing Adobe work, and they should definitely be closed when I'm doing MCIT or personal work. Even when I'm doing Adobe work, it's debatable whether tabs for email and Slack need to be always open, as long as I'm periodically checking them every now and then, which I anyway do on my mobile. Maybe I can open them intentionally every now and then. Personal apps should be open only when I'm doing inbox processing and review. Just thought of a random idea to follow up on, captured in the todo below. 

		 - What else is going on? Today we're trying a slightly different routine of meditation first, then journaling, and then we'll do our individual stuff, like I'll go on my run. So if I finish this by 7:45, and I run till 8:25, then I'll start work by 9am today. That's a good start for me, which is what I was planning all along. What does my morning routine look like right now? It takes about 30 minutes to get up and sit down for meditation. Then 15 mins of meditation. 30 mins of freewrite. 35 mins of exercise. 30 mins for shower. The core part is about 2 hrs including the freewrite. So if I get up at 7, I'm ready to start work at 9. That's fine. So if I get up at 6 sharp, then I'll be ready to start work at 8. But getting up at 6 sharp will be a stretch. Let's first start getting up at 6:30 sharp, and then we can think about it. This Thursday I need to work at 8am. One thing I can do is skip the shower and come back to it after the run. So if we get up at 6:30am, I can be done with all but shower by 8am, and then I can take the meeting, then I can shower. I think that's a pretty decent routine to start with. How do I feel about the reversal of the order? Don't think it needs so much thought. I can just figure it out as we go along.

		 - Next! Time's almost up. I keep talking with Rukma about a disconnect between what I want out of my life, and what I'm actually doing. Do I want too much out of my life? Maybe, but for the moment, there are things that I want, and I think I should work on doing those things. The writing would be a good exercise. I do want to get some stuff out there, and I think  I have some very concrete content, so I'd like to start with that.

		 - Plan how to track freewrite topics and writes in Roam

		 - DONE Keyboard shortcut to open an entire bookmark folder - try Alfred or Chrome

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - Spend 1 hr on PD journal

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		 - Spend 1 hr on PD framework, and made a lot of progress!

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - 4pm: Apple

		 - 5:30: Main meal + 2 twix 

		 - 10pm: Apple

	 - [[Anything else?]]

- DONE Axis edge rewards to be redeemed by end of July

- Working on [[PM Skills Framework]]
	 - Completed a first cut of it. Looks good. I think it just needs to be distilled a bit more, cut down on some categories and prioritize.

- AEP Insights Deck
	 - Completed first draft.

- Query scheduling
	 - Scheduled meetings with stakeholders

- [[Freewrite]] on [[Product Management]] [[Blog]] {{[[POMO]]}}
	 - What is product management? - Where does a PM fit in?
		 - 2 person startup: 
			 - One way of describing product management is to see where it fits into the organizational structure of a product company. For a simple example, let's start with a startup. Let's think about a classic silicon valley style startup with precisely two co-founders - one technical co-founder and one business co-founder. Think of Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak founding apple. In this case, Steve Jobs is playing the role of a Product Manager, while Woz is playing the role of the engineer who actually builds the product. So, the division of responsibility is clear: customers -> jobs -> woz -> product. Woz builds the product and interacts with Jobs, while Jobs talks to the world and interacts with Woz. So Jobs is the bridge between the customers and the engineer(s). Note: I have no idea if this is how Jobs and Woz actually interacted. Perhaps it's better to change this example to CEO and CTO, to make it more generic. This also brings out the element of why a PM is often called the CEO of product.

			 - Customers - CEO - CTO - product

		 - 10 person: 
			 - OK, now let's expand from a team of two to a slightly larger team of 10 people. The CEO now has other responsibilities. He needs to interface with investors, with the board, with finance and HR (really, does a 10 person team need finance and HR - I don't think so). So what does the CEO do in this case? CEO thinks of big picture items. Is this the phase at which one would hire a product manager? This part is not clear to me. Suppose it is, then what would the CEO be doing? Other than talking to investors? He's focused on growth. Investors, growth, where is the next wave of growth coming from? GTM! That's his focus. Now, the PM is hired to serve as the bridge between engineers and customers, and to the CEO. At this stage the PM will report to the CEO.

			 - PM is now the bridge between the engineering team, the customers, and the business (in this case, primarily the CEO). Three way bridge.

			 - CEO - PM (-customers) - Eng team - CTO

		 - 100 person
			 - Now, we have more functions that have come into the mix. We probably have a PM team that has 2-3 PMs, we probably have multiple engineering teams, we have marketing, GTM, sales, finance, business operations, strategy.

			 - PM is the bridge between the business, engineering, and the rest of the organization.

			 - CEO - PM (-customers -PMM -GTM -Sales -Finance) - Engineering

			 - Although the size grows, the PM takes on the additional responsibilities. Eng needs to be shielded from the rest of the org, so that they can focus on engineering (on building the product) and not be bothered with other stuff.

			 - The rest of the org will typically not interact with Eng except through the PM layer. So PM, serves as a shielding layer between Eng, the rest of the company, and the customers.

		 - 1,000+ person enterprise org
			 - Now we're entering the territory of multiple products

			 - Beyond 1000+:  I'm not going any larger than the 1000 person team analogy, because even if we have more, the product team will probably number in the 100(s) and not more I think.

		 - Questions for NM to research
			 - What are the hires made as a company scales from 2 to 10 to 100 to 1000+. At what stage is the first PM hired? The second PM? Same question for PMM, GTM, Finance, HR, etc.? Where do they fit in?

			 - How does the CEO's role change as a company scales from 2 to 10 to 100 to 1000+?

			 - At what size does a company split into corporate vs. business units? Do business units correspond to multiple products? At the business unit level, are there ever more than 1000 people?

- DONE Google keep capture
	 - [[Ben Eater]] Youtube videos and courses. Videos about [[C Programming]], assembly language, machine code, building from hardware, etc.

	 - [[C Programming]] book by by Brian W. Kernighan, Dennis Ritchie, 2nd edition. The classic book on C Programming. Available through UPenn library / O'Reilly.

- QS Intro call with [[Chris Luby]]
	 - About Luby
		 - Created a lot of the AA stack; data collection for Analytics. Everything except for Axle.

		 - On the AEP side, worked on a replacement for AA DWH.

		 - Luby was the original creator and architect of QS. Then Serge joined, then ownership shifted from Analytics AEP.

		 - Currently working on QS real-time reporting. Built as garage week project 2019.

		 - CJA was Chris's garage week project a couple of years ago. Only consulting for CJA.

	 - CJA
		 - Customers who need multi-channel data (more than a single website) need to move from AA to CJA. Omnichannel is powered by Ares in AEP (Ares works on top of ADLS and indexes, etc.).

	 - QS use cases for CJA
		 - Complex queries: CJA doesn't support multi-level breakdown. That's when we need query service.

		 - Exploration pre-CJA

		 - Data prep for CJA

	 - QS limitations for CJA - what we need to do
		 - Need the same composition views in both QS and CJA. Composition view is already part of the AEP data model; already understood by catalog. Views in AEP are either SQL views or composition views. Two components:
			 - QS needs to understand CV and present it as a table.

			 - UI for CVs needs to be brought outside CJA connector in AEP.

		 - Attribution and sessionization: need to match Analysis Workspace. Porting over functionality of Ares into QS.

	 - [[QS-CG]]
		 - Akshit was working on cost modeling in the Noida team and then they got re-assigned. 

	 - DONE Get access to CJA instance

- QS Intro call with [[Xabriel Collazo Mojica]]
	 - About Xabriel
		 - Xabriel - pronounced "sabriel"

		 - Worked on the spark SDK for DSW

		 - Joined at the beginning of QS, Alpha stage

		 - Prior to Adobe, background was in SQL databases (but not Spark)

		 - Now becoming Architect for DWH

	 - QS / DWH
		 - QS is just a SQL interface to data in the Data Lake (ADLS). With Spark, you can add more worker nodes to improve performance. Works well for Analytics questions where you need minutes to hours. 

		 - Now we want to support dashboards and reporting, which needs to work in seconds. AA has this advantage, but limitations in terms of the queries that can be build and the kind of data you can work with.

		 - DWH is an intermediate layer between ADLS and QS to optimize dashboard queries.

	 - Cost optimization
		 - Anil worked most closely on cost optimization.

		 - Get metrics from Spark / CosmosDB (e.g. garbage collection time). This is not part of observability / grafana. This might add another layer. Anil has a presentation on this.

		 - Using statistics to inform the Cost Base Optimizer for Spark; e.g. you could find the cheapest type of operation (may be a broadcast join for small tables) for a given query. Need to observe patterns of usage from existing data.

- Catch-up with [[Dylan Lorimer]]
	 - Works in Cloud Engineering for DX. 

	 - His team manages reporting (dashboards, datasets, etc.) for Azure and AWS. Also does spend monitoring for Ethos. Also Service Management (product availability, CSOs, etc.).

	 - Mix of business and engineering. Develop their own DWH, and use it for reporting. Using SQL server. Run DMAI on top of it.

	 - DMAI is only summary data; raw data may be available if I need it through lorimer.

- QS Intro call with [[Gautam Kowshik]]
	 - QS is his first team at Adobe. 2 yrs old. JOined in 2018 Aug.

	 - Iceberg
		 - Worked a lot on Iceberg, which is table format on ADLS. All data is written into Iceberg. Table management format. Underneath is Parquet. Table is an abstraction on top of it. Iceberg keeps a lot of statistics underneath.

		 - Iceberg migration - all non-iceberg format datasets are migrated to iceberg; allows you to store event data in efficient ways. 

		 - Iceberg helps with metadata management; Spark handles the actual data. But metadata scales with data (information about partitions, tables, columns, etc.).

		 - Iceberg keeps metadata in optimized ways

		 - DONE Watch iceberg technical review presentation - email from gautam

		 - DONE COGS analysis of Iceberg migration

		 - CBO: Cost based optimization; same SQL query can be run in different ways; find the best plan. Guatam is working on Statistics API that can be used to help.

		 - DONE Learn about CBO

- QS Intro call with [[Partha Dutta]]
	 - About Partha
		 - Part of AAM team under Dave W. Managed the entire AAM system.

		 - Reach out to Partha for lessons on DWH and Data Lake. Been in the industry for 30+ years working with Databases and DWH.

		 - Based in NYC office, right in the middle of Time Square.

		 - AAM has a HUGE DWH, 2+ petabytes.

		 - Resident Snowflake expert at Adobe. Helps teams migrate to Snowflake (e.g. from Postgres).

		 - Snowflake is a PaaS DWH; like Amazon Redshift / Azure DWH. Snowflake is the biggest cloud DWH provider.

	 - Snowflake vs. ADLS + QS
		 - Partha ran a test; high level, Snowflake is much more performant. Also probably cheaper.

		 - Disadvantage of Snowflake is lock-in: they abstract away the underlying storage

		 - Another disadvantage of Snowflake is that they recently got a lot of investment from Salesforce.

		 - DONE Read Partha's wiki on Snowflake vs. QS

	 - New role
		 - Just recently joined the reporting project w/ Saurabh.

		 - Will focus more on POCs and architecture consulting as opposed to actual engineering.

	 - [[QS-CG]]
		 - Machine size: QS only uses one size of VM for Databricks cluster; it's a big machine (256 GB). It eats up a lot of cost.

		 - Number of machines: Min of 4 machines per query.For small queries, if we can use fewer machines or smaller machines. 

		 - CBO: Look through query history. See patterns and get statistics. 

		 - Time to execute: time for cluster to start-up before execution is high.

- [[MCIT-593]] 11: C Language: Strings
id:: b9e6aa94-7b35-4084-954f-3ee711256d95
	 - Quiz
		 - 1, false

		 - 2, false

		 - 3, ~~false~~, true

		 - 4, true

		 - 5, b=3, a=1

		 - 6, g=5

		 - 7, can't edit literarl

		 - 8, a is array on stack

		 - 9, b is pointer to a

		 - 10, ~~T~~, o 
