- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Helloooo..oooo! That's supposed to be a Dougie Jones Casino style call out. Haha. Oh boy, lot's to catch up on.

		 - Yesterday, I decided to completely break with my diet. That's OK. It's really OK. The other guy really needed out, and I accept that. The diet started to get sooo boring. I enjoyed some nice snacks and a nice meal, not to mention a beer - which was not so nice! Blue Moon is a really plebian beer. Also, I sat using my iPad at night for a really long time. This is also OK, but something I want to move away from. I was browsing a lot of reddit and twitter even though I didn't have the applicaitons. 

		 - Pause thing-y didn't work I guess. How do I feel about that? I think I feel a little disappointed and regretful at that. Disappointed that I didn't do something better, and regret that I did something I didn't ideally want to do.

		 - OK, what else is going on? I did some more research into the whole car situation, and I'm totally breaking my head over it, I mean there are so many decisions here! What are the main options that are emerging? Beater, rental, gently used, new, lease. I need to make a matrix with all these options and put down the monetary and non monetary costs of various options. OK. I will do that today.

		 - Keep the ink moving buddy, don't slow down. I'm losing the plot here. Well, I was a bit mesmerized by watching Horace get stuck inside the desk - chair window. He's such a stupid little thing. Ever since we got the standing desks, he's been nearly useless. The best way was to put him in the living room... not sure why we stopped doing that. Maybe it's time to do that again? Yes. I think in general Rukma and I have been lazy about doing things around the house now that we know that we're going to be moving out soon. That's not good. Instead we should definitely focus on some of the things we need to do.

		 - Should I go for a run today? I think I should. Yes. It's late. But I don't have an early start today anyway. It is alright for me to start a bit late if I get my run in. Will do.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Stitched profiles

- 1-1 with [[Shiv Vaithyan]]
	 - Profile exports
		 - High level overview
			 - UIS take all individual IDs and creates and ID graph

			 - We need to get all events associated with an ID graph

			 - Rename the project: "Making stitched events availabile on the date lake".

		 - Approach 1 vs. approach 2 (Rename to physical plan 1 and physical plan 2)
			 - Easier to start with the Data Lake plan (because Profile has a lot going on)

			 - In terms of cost - both are approximately equal; we need to implement and then.

		 - Project plan
			 - Too early for PPC; we are far away

			 - Need to present as a cross-cutting initiative: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=DMSArchitecture&title=Cross-cutting+Initiatives

			 - Talk to Shone Sadler

		 - Queries performance issues
			 - Work on documentation

			 - Who is looking at SparkSQL query plans

		 - Approximate queries
			 - Work with Saptho - give queries from customers

		 - Final outcomes
			 - Stitched - Follow up with Ashwin; follow both plans; one after the other

			 - SQL
				 - DONE Benchmarking - do it myself

				 - DONE Talk to Saptho - give queries for approximate queries

				 - DONE Get Anil to look into SparkSQL query plans

	 - Agenda
		 - Stitched profile export

		 - General product ideas for Query Service

		 - Working with Anil M

- QS benchmarking
	 - My interpretation:
		 - Query Submitted at 2018-08-14T15:21:26.552Z

		 - Query returned successfully at 2018-08-14T15:21:31.612Z

		 - Time elapsed = 15:21:31 - 15:21:26 = 5 seconds

	 - Is this correct?

- 1-1 check-in with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Saurabh's performance evaluation quadrant for PMs
		 - Vision (high level Zen) - inspiration (inspiring the field), value proposition

		 - Strategy (roadmap items) 

		 - Execution - feature delivery

		 - Sales - GTM, collateral (e.g. Jim)

	 - Saurabh's feedback for me
		 - + Sales is very strong; good at weaving stories, presentation skills; Saurabh thinks field will really like me and start including me in big deals.

		 - - Execution: need to get confidence from engg. team. 

	 - Focus for 2021-H1
		 - Continue to build on Sales strength. Nothing new, but just keep doing what I'm doing.

		 - Execution: Main focus. Build up execution skills. Get confidence from engineering leadership. Stitched exports + Perf benchmarking are the two main areas.

		 - Strategy / vision - choose between CJA roundtrip, and unified AEP Intelligence flow

	 - Promotion process - business case
		 - Need to create a competency framework and get feedback from others; 360 view. Paperwork.

		 - Need to deliver one high-visibility project: one example is operationalized stitched exports

	 - High visibility project ideas
		 - Stitched exports

		 - AEP Unified Demo - get high visibility by taking to Mathieu's level; scale the demo to a high-level; get all eyes on it

		 - COGS monitoring - Shiv's pet project. Work with Shiv and ET; expand to DSW + QS cogs monitoring.

	 - DONE Set up 1:1 with Meera to talk about COGS, monitoring, GTM for AEP Intel
