- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - Journallll! 

		 - DONE Set up career check-in with Saurabh #[[Projects]]-Work-misc #Projects

		 - I feel a lot better about my job somehow, after focusing on that demo! This morning, I'm going to spend time updating that demo to have API access as well, and we can iterate from there. A good demo is always a good way to start. 

		 - DONE Update demo with API and (maybe) Jupyter integration #QS-Demo #Projects [[October 15th, 2020]]

		 - Yeah, it makes me feel a lot more confident about the product. And I think this demo gives me an edge over Saurabh, because I know the product a lot more deeply than him now. In fact, I know the product a lot more deeply than anybody in the product org. Of course, the field knows the product way better, but this is about the product org. I feel very good about that. 

		 - Worked on wedding planning this weekend, and that also seems to be going very well. Most people seem on board with the general vision of how things should be. Only pending thing is maybe we can ask if we can combine the sangeet with the cocktail party. That will be a more even distribution I feel. Then each set of parents is hosting two events, and we're hosting one event. For an even 5. I like this plan, and if it can be implemented it will be good.

		 - So, that's another thing that's going well! Looks like all things are going well.

		 - Oops, I just got distracted for a moment there and jumped to the calendar, but now I'm back. 

		 - And also, I'm back on my routine today. I woke up when the alarm went off, and then I actually did my exercise and meditation routine, and I also did some chores like the sheets / laundry. I feel really good. I feel pumped about the day ahead, and in general how life is going. Things couldn't really be better. Or they could in some ways, but overall I think things are going really well. Can obviously make minor improvements in several areas, but that's besides the point. A way in which we can do this? Do what?

		 - Oh, and I wanted to get back into reading. And I already am! That runaways book is a good way to get back into reading.

		 - DONE Add reading list to weekly tasks - place holds on overdrive, purchase things if necessary, etc.  #[[Personal-Goals]]

		 - DONE Look up comic book ebooks - overdrive as well as amazon #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects

		 - And what else is going on? The only thing I could actually get a bit better at is if the task list stuff got better. Like I need to be reviewing my task list more regularly, and I need to be pulling things in, etc. Now I think it should improve because we've added task list review as part of our daily evening routine. After dinner in the evening we'll do the task list review.

		 - DONE Add digital minimalism to long term goals #[[Personal-Goals]]

		 - What else on this beautiful day? Why do I feel so good right now? At least I must acknowledge that I DO feel great right now, even though I may not be able to point to exactly why, the feeling is definitely there! I really feel great. Is it due to some objective conditions? 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Meeting with [[Kamal Pandey]]
	 - Intro
		 - Main focus: experiences around connected clients like Tableau, etc.

	 - Perf testing
		 - I gave the customer requirements from AW

		 - Kamal says there was a dedicated effort on testing

	 - Performance factors
		 - Number of rows

		 - Number of columns

		 - Volume of data (already covered in above 2)

		 - How much data is shuffled?

		 - Query complexity - join

	 - DONE  Update QS perf wiki  #[[Projects]]-QS-Core #Projects 
		 - NM to update wiki with the questions I'm from Customers and who

		 - Add ADFs perf testing

		 - Add old wiki

- Meeting with [[Thomson Reuters]] account team
	 - Meera wants slides

- Meeting 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Update
		 - DB Visualizer

		 - Save queries with templates and comments

	 - DONE Add Saurabh to Luma PM, Save queries as templates #QS-Demo #Projects #2020-W42 [[October 14th, 2020]]

- [[Luma Demo Dashboard]] meeting with [[PK]] and [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - AEP
		 - Import all the datasets in AEP

		 - Build a fact table using all datasets other than profile

		 - Using profile build dim table

		 - Other dim tables - build from the combined dataset

		 - QUeries
			 - Base query = base table
				 - Remove old version below line 143

		 - Before building base, we need dim tables

	 - Tableau
		 - Create STAR Model

- Work on [[life goals]]

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Feedback: My list of goals is very generic. Not connecting to my life.

	 - Philosophy: Hegel vs. Kierkegaard. The universal vs. individual. It's like my struggle with my list. It's my struggle against my ideal self.

	 - Will the things on this list really make me satisfied?

	 - Why can't I delete several items from this list?

	 - Some early childhood experiences made me an over-achiever.

	 - Need to accept the other side of me. The side that rebels against the goals. The two sides of me are relating almost as employer - employee. I'm the rider and horse at the same time.

	 - Self-objectification: Deep internal gap between the two sides of myself.

	 - Next time: discuss difficulty making choices and trade-offs; decisions for the list.

	 - Agenda
		 - Discuss [[life goals]]

		 - Do I have too much going on? I feel like I need all these things.

		 - 

- Dropbox unsub in 3 weeks
