- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - Journaling after a long time again! It's been several weeks now that I've journaled. But I was just thinking about this yesterday or the day before, I feel like I have a lot more resiliency now. I'm very unlikely to go into one of my depressive episodes just because of something like this that I've been off my daily routine, not meditating, or not running, or something like that. Previously, these would immediately trigger, or not immediately but pretty soon trigger going into a depressive episode. But now it's much better. It's definitely in large part due to Rukma. Just being with her makes me somehow more resilient and less likely to fall into this. Also, I think I have less of a need for these things to make sense / meaning in my life, because I have another source of meaning now, and that's a wonderful thing! :) 

		 - What else is going on? We had the shooting incident at the apartment last weekend. Haven't journaled about it, but I have talked in detail to Jurgen about it, and I've talked to others as well. Had a long argument yesterday with Rukma about when to be scared vs. when not to be scared. I think it's something that's not causing much fear for me, but if it's important to Rukma that we should move to another unit, then we should do it. I want to make sure that she's comfortable. Moving to another building or city will be more complex, but still do-able. 

		 - What else do I want to think about? At work I have this interview coming up. Or hopefully it's coming up. The recruiter seems to have gone cold. I should follow up. I had a GREAT feeling after meeting with Shambavi, and I'm confident that I will be able to impress her with this exercise that she's given me. If that's what the deep dive is about, then that's fantastic. I'm pretty sure that talking to her team, etc. also shouldn't be a problem. My concerns with this job are (1) leveling up to Sr. PM, (2) increased workload, and (3) relocation to SF. I will obviously discuss 1 explicitly, and 3 I will also touch upon - which is likely to have some leeway, but (2) is something I'll have to take a chance on and won't know until I try. It'll be worth it if the level thing works out.

		 - Then what? How's my course going? I think it's going pretty well as of now. I have fallen a little bit behind on a few things, but I caught up quite well yesterday with the Java stuff (partially at least), and now I have a good system going for unit tests and so on. For the rest of the semester, I need to invest more time into this in the evenings. 4-7 should be blocked for this work on as many days as possible. That's a good 15 hours already. And some amount of weekends should also be blocked. Especially needed in order to compensate for time off that's coming up with parents visit.

		 - What about my current role at Adobe? I'm kind of dropping the ball on that one. Let me do some research into the deck today and polish up a better draft of it. But I'm largely checked out of this role and feeling quite demotivated. Why is that? I think structurally I'm not very well equipped for success. My Eng. team is completely disconnected. But I can use that to my advantage to not do much work actually. If I just let Anil do what he wants and report to Meera / Saurabh, that'll be fine. And what about reporting to Saurabh that I'm interviewing elsewhere? I should do that by next Monday I think. I should just say that a recruiter reached out to me and asked to put me in touch with an HM. I said yes, bla bla bla. Also tout the fact that the company is currently supporting internal mobility. That should be a good sell. And in terms of work? Time to review the OKRs again and see what's going on. What I can make progress on. 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- CJA meeting with [[Trent]], [[Chris Luby]], [[Trevor Paulsen]], [[Josh Butikofer]]
	 - Nikhil presented an overview of the wiki with Bret / Meera.

	 - Trent and Josh suggesting can we focus on translating data views to SQL?

- [[Bi-Weekly | CJA/Query Closed Loop]] with [[Bret Gundersen]] [[Trevor Paulsen]] [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Saurabh: Improving query performance

	 - DONE Anurag next meeting

	 - Two action items
		 - Help get queries performing poorly

		 - Customer discovery for complementary use cases

	 - Agenda
		 - Prioritization

		 - Start including engineering

- Query collateral review with [[Meera Srinivasan]] and [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Update query technical presentation

	 - Agenda
		 - What to present to Expedia?

		 - Anurag present to Bret.

		 - DONE GTM / AEP Intelligence for CJA with Anurag and me

		 - DONE Need a slide on Iceberg benefits

- Feedback from Kevin
	 - Can't touch timestamp

- Expedia meeting with [[Vinod]], [[Sam]], [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Introduction and overview
		 - Expedia's experimentation team is looking for a solution to ensure that everyone running tests and experiments use a common methodology and framework. Want to automate as much as possible of the methodology.

	 - Are they interested in AEP dasbhoards and visualizations?
		 - They use PowerBI and Tableau for visualization, but they are more interested in SQL for custom queries for statistical analysis; they will handle visualization on their end.

	 - What excites them
		 - AEP offers SQL and Spark functions on raw data (not possible with Adobe Analytics); this is a core requirement for the experiments team.

	 - Requirements and issues
		 - Daily refresh of statistical queries for their experiements. Output as dataset and connect to visualization tool.

		 - Performance issues 
			 - CTAS / Insert - too slow.

			 - Issues of scale

		 - UDFs / ADFs: Expedia wants to write their own UDFs for custom statistical analysis:
			 - Outlier truncation

			 - Standard deviation

			 - Participation allocation

			 - ... 

			 - Vinod and Sam to share a larger list.

	 - Current solution
		 - Using Adobe Analytics data feeds to export data to custom warehouse solutions (e.g. Qubole) and use visualization tools like Power BI.

		 - Each team and Expedia brand has their own silo'd solution. They now want to centralize and standardize.

	 - Alternative solutions (if not AEP)
		 - Alternative is for the Experimentation team to build their own solution using public cloud infrastructure on AWS / GCP.

- Team meeting with [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - What PPCs for me?
		 - Ad-hoc SQL for CJA: 

		 - SQL Prep: Chained queries, DULE, egress

		 - GTM, hardening

- DONE Recycle box break down stuff
	 - Bigger box cutter

	 - Twine?
