- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - No hay banda. Silencio. There is no band. There is no orchestra. Llorando. This scene from Mulholland Drive really stuck with me. Is it just the dialogue? The way Rita wakes up with these words just coming out of her mouth, or rather saying these words in her sleep, and then suddenly has an urge to go see the show at Silencio is rather haunting. Then the show itself is extremely haunting. Although it's supposed to be a carnival show that's fun and entertaining, it's pretty dark. Is it some reference to breaking the fourth wall? What's going on in that scene? What do I as a viewer understand from it? Everything is pre-recorded. Nothing is live. Nothing is real. And that applies to the movie as well? But the movie isn't supposed to be live or real.

		 - Can I write another scene out of the film? Where do I want to put it? It could be anywhere, either in the middle, or maybe in the end in another vignette that's disconnected. 

		 - Diane wakes up again. This time she has no memory of having died. She goes to her coffee maker to make herself a coffee. She cleans out the old coffee powder, spoons in some coffee, and adds some water. She thinks of Rita. She thinks of Betty. She can't understand if her thoughts are real or dreams. She loves Rita. But does she really? She wonders. Is Rita even real? She wonders. She decides to leave her apartment and go out. Where? Anywhere. She takes the cup of coffee with her and starts wandering outside. Suddenly she has a flash and it appears that she's in Cronenberg world (from Rick and Morty), but that flash lasts for just a second, just a blink of the eye, and it's gone. Was it a glitch in reality? Or was it just her imagination? In any case, she continues walking, exiting the apartment complex, onto the street. She goes to her car, but she's unable to open the door. She's forgotten her keys. Does she even have keys? Is it really her car? Yes, she believes this is her car, but she can't quite find the keys. Fuck it, she thinks, and she walks on. "I'll go walking. I don't need my car". She continues onward, continuing to sip the cup of coffee in her hand. At the end of the street, she makes a left turn on to Dresden St. which is a lot more lively than her residential street. It's littered with stores and coffee shops and bars and restaurants on both sides. She walks ahead and makes her way past the first of the establishments. It's a coffee shop called Dresden coffee. She turns her head and takes a peek inside. It looks familiar, because she's seen this coffee shop so many times, but it also looks unfamiliar, because she usually doesn't look inside. She just walks or drives past it. This time she peers inside and notices what the inside looks like. On the surface it's just a regular coffee shop like a homely version of Starbucks. But then there's something very odd about it. The tables are all at a particular angle. Well every angle is a particular angle, but all the tables are at the same angle, and it's an odd angle. They're grand, fine tables. Not your typical coffee shop tables. Then the chairs, they look almost like thrones of kings. Heavy. Not completely out of place in a period era living room mind you, but still very heavy. Then the people in the coffee shop. Perhaps what's oddest of all is the people. They're all dressed in a very odd manner. Befitting the coffee shop they're in?

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - Hackathon: reading or planning

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		 - Didn't accomplish - move to tomorrow

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - OMAD dinner - added to Cronometer

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- GTD
	 - {DONE}} EMBA Fall items to projects #Projects #EMBA #2020-W35 #Projects
		 - DONE Move Adobe stock to Betterment Dec  #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Finance]] #2021-W12

	 - {DONE}} Transition Google play music to YouTube music

	 - DONE Movies list to share #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]
		 - Cronenberg - naked lunch

		 - Coen brothers

		 - Wes Anderson

		 - Polanski - Chinatown, repulsion

		 - Lynch - mullholand drive, blue velvet

	 - DONE Good life hazy pale. Tastes like a regular American ipa.

	 - {DONE}} Shruti Raj podcast

	 - {DONE}} Buzzer 283

	 - DONE iPhone Chromecast audio keeps skipping every minute or so. Also with rukma phone. #[[Projects]]-Personal-IT #Projects

- Query Service UI with [[Ryan Wilkes]]
	 - About
		 - Responsible for UI foundation and GraphQL. 

		 - Ryan's team is about 13. 

		 - Three squads
			 - Treebeard: Decisioning / Sierra (5-6)

			 - Saruman: Quarry component repo
				 - React spectrum base

				 - They build up smarter components on top of the base

				 - https://quarry.corp.adobe.com/

			 - Gimli: AEP UI utility knife (monitoring, PALM, RBAC, etc.), including Query Service

		 - Hint: [[Vasanthi]] is a huge LOTR fan.

	 - Query Service
		 - Jeff Dae, John Anderson, JC all have expertise but none are dedicated resources.

	 - Collaboration process
		 - Come up with design and spec: then submit to Ryan and team. for design review: get it reviewed in this meeting for new features.

		 - Contribution model: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/DMSArchitecture/AEP+User+Experience+Contribution+Model

	 - Scheduler UI
		 - {DONE}} Post requirements on slack channel.
			 - Thanks @rwilkes! As we discussed, the only milestone for 2020-Q4 is the Query Scheduler UI. Here are the requirements I came up with in collaboration with JC and Amy. 

		 - JC working until end of September on Decisioning.

		 - Ryan's commitment: Sept 30 or at the latest Oct 14 is when the work will start. We'll check in on Sep 16.

	 - Query editor UI
		 - Built on CodeMirror, which has accessibility problems. Until end of 2021 we have an exception. 

	 - Agenda
		 - Intro

		 - Overview of collaboration process

		 - Scheduler UI

- 1:1 with [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - Customer outreach
		 - DONE Dollar shave club - any other way to get their contact info? #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #Projects #Waiting

		 - {DONE}} Follow up on HomeDepot #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #Projects [[August 19th, 2020]]

	 - ADFs
		 - Attribution: https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/analytics/analyze/analysis-workspace/attribution/models.html

		 - Sessionization: https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/analytics/components/virtual-report-suites/vrs-mobile-visit-processing.html
			 - This is for Analytics, but CJA will have more complex models.

			 - Sessions in CJA may also depend on metrics.

		 - DV2: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/ACA/DV2+%28Data+Views+2.0%29+Requirements+Page
			 - More functions than just Sessionization and Attribution.

- Bi-Weekly | CJA/Query Closed Loop with [[Bret Gundersen]], [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]], [[Trevor Paulsen]], [[Dave McNamee]]
	 - Misc
		 - {DONE}} Create wiki page for this meeting - regular and one-off topics #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #2020-W35 #Projects

		 - {DONE}} Update on CJA - QS performance scaling for next meeting #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #2020-W35 #Projects [[August 25th, 2020]]

		 - {DONE}} Update on SQL prep PTP for next meeting #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #2020-W35 #Projects [[August 25th, 2020]]

	 - Taxonomist - metadata and classifications, [[Jacob Draper]]
		 - Migrating from Saint (legacy infrastructure for classifications) to Taxonomist (new infrastructure). This reduces SLA from days to hours for classification data availability in AA.

		 - ACDC, Analytics Connector Data Classifications, used to pull in classification data from AA into AEP. New feature.

		 - Use cases for classification data
			 - Campaign tracking code lookups

			 - Product info lookups 

		 - Metadata may be common to multiple report suites, but there are some issues with this.

	 - Segment sharing between AA / AEP
		 - Do customers need to port Adobe Analytics segment definitions to AEP? Does this functionality need to be embedded in Query Service?

	 - Meera: SQL Prep is the main priority

- [[Product Management Mentorship]] with [[William Heffner]]
	 - PM insights team at Epic

	 - Cornerstone recently laid off a bunch of associates and analysts and cut pay significantly

	 - Fortnite is trying to become the Metaverse

	 - Org structure: Head of Product, with 5-10 PMs reporting. Will is on insights team, thinking of moving to product team.

	 - Wanted to know if CS is required for PM.

	 - DONE Set up more time #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects

- Query Service for CJA Collateral with [[Raj Sen]] and [[Akin Ajayi]]
	 - Overall straetgy
		 - Both Akin and Raj are targeting different audiences; CJA is for the CMO personas; AEP is for broader CIO personas

		 - For a long time, most deals for AEP will start with LOB buyer.

		 - AEP Intelligence SKU right now is not effective, because it's targeted at CIO, but that's not where our sales are coming from.

		 - AEP-I price point is too high in the field right now

	 - Slides
		 - Architecture slides - highlight what's included in CJA vs. up-sell

		 - Feature Matrix: where do we find definitions of SKUs? https://adobe-my.sharepoint.com/:x:/p/gmazal/Ea5fLCfG_YpMqswUZEnBSusBfKHaz40unHNnPCq_1rS_zA?e=4%3AF4fahq&at=9&wdLOR=cE37FA2EA-E666-8643-A45F-1A102DC1C01A

- AEP Data Management, Trust, & Intelligence - Knowledge Sharing Session 1 - Data In Motion - [[Keshav Vadrevu]]
