- [[Daily journal]]
	 - {{[[POMO]]}}

	 - [[What's on my mind today?]]
		 - Listened to a couple of interesting podcasts today.

		 - [[Asian efficiency]] [[Podcast]] with [[Tiago Forte]]
			 - Talked about how Tiago's system is basically an extension of GTD. Whereas GTD is your second brain for tasks and projects, Tiago's system is for the rest of the information and knowledge you need. The importance of weekly review.

			 - Note: weekly review should be just a review, and not a time to actually DO any actions. Look at Tiago's videos and shownotes from the podcast on this.

		 - [[Hidden Brain]] [[Podcast]] episode with author of [[Happy Money]]
			 - Happiness from experiences vs. objects. Objects often have higher overall happiness load (like glycemic load), but experiences often have higher peaks. In hindsight and through memory, people tend to overweight the value of peaks. This is one reason in hindsight people value experiences more.

		 - [[a16z]] [[Podcast]] episode on [[GPT-3]]
			 - GPT-3 extends GPT-2 with a much larger number of parameters (and thus much higher training cost). It's trained on nearly the entire web corpus (similar to the corpus used for Google web crawling).

			 - GPT-3 can do basic arithmetic, just as a result of being trained on language. Is this one step closer to AGI? I feel like language is the closest approach we have to intelligence.

			 - What does this mean for the future? Programming may become more of an art than a science. Rather than thinking about how to optimize data structures and algorithms, programmers may have to think about how to feed the right examples to the AI, and how to debug with the AI.

		 - [[jason calacanis]] [[podcast]] episode on big tech hearings
			 - This was just his personal opinions. He thought Zuck came off the worst of the bunch because he seemed insincere. Sundar second worst because he seemed clueless. Bezos came off the best.

			 - Made me realize that I actually want to listen to these hearings and develop my own thoughts. Let me see if I can get a podcast feed going.

		 - {DONE}} Develop a system for permanent notes. Do they need to be independent pages? Or can they just be tags to blocks. #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects

		 - {DONE}} Download and listen to big tech hearings antitrust #Projects #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #2020-W33

		 - DONE Add current events to freewrite topics - e.g. big tech antitrust #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

		 - OK. Other than the podcasts what else? Yesterday was a decent day. [[Saurabh Mahapatra]] got a bit pissed off at me in the discussion about his cost model. His phrase was "you're not listening to me / you need to start listening to me". Same exact phrase was used by [[Scott Date]] in a previous meeting with me. This is definitely something I need to be more careful about. I get too excited / agitated sometimes and I stop listening to the other person, and I just start talking and talking. Not good. Calm down. Listen. Never talk with the assumption that the other person is doing something stupid. If I think this, keep it to myself, reflect on it later, and then talk.

		 - I think it's time to put up the fastai call on penn slack. Now is the time to start thinking about this.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		 - Not sure why I didn't have goals.

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - Not super good food!

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Worked on proposal for [[MCIT 2020 Summer Hackathon]]

- QS GTM / Cost model meeting with [[Anil Malkani]] and [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Saurabh attended St. Andrews High School Hill Road - grew up in reclamation

	 - Cost model
		 - E32 costs 0.96 /hr

		 - Cost of DB on the VM is 0.48/hr

		 - Total VM /hr cost adds those two

		 - 25% is I/O cost for scan

		 - Add up: 1.80 is the cost of 1 VM per hr 

		 - So we get 22k hours

		 - But cluster size is 6 (assume)

		 - So we can get 22k hours / 6; so that's 4000 hours of comptue with cluster size of 6

	 - Data scan
		 - Data scan is not a good unit of measure, because it's very fuzzy.

	 - Ad-hoc
		 - Session time is half an hours; idle session has cost.

		 - 6 VMs dedicated per session.

		 - Session based pricing for 30 minute slots.

	 - Agenda
		 - What data can we use to validate the model? Grafana and CosmosDB?

		 - 

- {DONE}} Validate QS Feature Matrix for Raj - ask [[Aishwarya S]] #[[Projects]]-QS-Collateral #2020-W35 #Projects #Waiting

- QS sync with [[Dave McNamee]]
	 - Data egress / enterprise sync
		 - [[Marijka Engel]] is the PM for AA data feeds which allows customers to egress AA data for Enterprise Sync. 1300 customers use data feeds. Dave's slide deck has info on it.

		 - AA egresses almost twice as much data as ingestion.

		 - Data feeds included in AA (not an add-on).

	 - Upsell value proposition of AA to CJA
		 - AA can get data through anything with javascript (mainly: web, mobile web, and mobile apps).

		 - AA needs everything to go into a single report suite.

		 - CJA allows you to create a single view of the customer journey.

		 - E.g. Sony: dozen really big report suites.

		 - Mistake: I should't have asked this question, as it led to a long digression and ate up the limited time.

	 - Cost model
		 - Adhoc costs are very different from batch (much higher).

		 - Batch query is pretty cheap (low compared to DSW / Profile / etc.)

		 - How to communicate capacity limits to customers? Look at different samples of complex queries, and give that as an estimate.

	 - Agenda
		 - Present overview and roadmap

		 - UI wiki: background / UI work / API work

		 - Cost and pricing: how to model cost?

- [[QS-Collateral]] meeting with [[Meera Srinivasan]] rescheduled to [[August 10th, 2020]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review OKRs + Akin matrix

		 - Sections for CJA - QS deck

		 - Validate QS Features slide

- [[Product Management Mentorship]] with [[Yagnya Aditya Ganti]] - reschedule

- [[Product Management Mentorship]] with [[Daniel Avila]]
	 - Kid was super weird. Didn't introduce himself in the beginning. Kept asking a random string of questions.

	 - One interesting thing was he asked about the ethical implications of selling enterprise products when you don't know what your customers might do with it. Interesting question. 

- {DONE}} QS ticket for post values for Anshuman [[August 7th, 2020]]
	 - ADFs: PLATQ-3554

	 - Schedule and event trigered batch queries: PLAT-39072

- [[QS-DDOM]] on AEP with [[Meera Srinivasan]] and [[Sumesh Kumar]]
	 - Preparing executive update slides for presentation to Anjul, Mark Picone (VP IDS), Jim, Dave W

	 - Replicating DDOM on AEP automatically leads to improvements for DDOM (e.g. DDOM is batch, but AEP can make it streaming)

- [[AEP Intelligence]] - Query & DSW meeting with [[Meera Srinivasan]] and Intelligence team
	 - AEP Intelligence is an add-on to CJM, CDP, and CJA. 

	 - We need to shift focus to GTM and sales enablement rather than engineering. 

- {DONE}} Suggest one-time meetings to Meera / slack channel #[[Projects]]-Work-misc #Projects #2020-W35 [[August 27th, 2020]]
	 - Pro-tip: [Use one-time meeting IDs in BlueJeans](https://adobe.service-now.com/sc?id=kb_article&sysparm_article=KB0014150). When scheduling back to back meetings, this will avoid spillover of participants from the previous meeting into the next meeting. Once you set this as the default, all meetings will be created using one time meeting IDs instead of your personal meeting ID.  
