- [[Adobe Stock Interview]] on-site interview with [[Shambhavi]]
	 - Intro
		 - Social Dilemma

		 - Discussed Cal Newport books

	 - Exercise
		 - Copy space: great

		 - Cheesy: they attempted to come up with a classifier, but failed.

	 - Roadmap
		 - Quarterly PPC.

	 - Agenda
		 - What to expect for next interviews?

		 - How do we track my OKRs?

		 - What's the process for getting things on the roadmap?

	 - Follow-up
		 - Hi Shambhavi, I really enjoyed my conversations today with you, Stephanie, Christine, and Judy.

		 - It was great talking to you

- [[Adobe Stock Interview]] on-site interview with [[Stephanie Cabrera]]
	 - Intro
		 - Curation team based NYC and Berlin.

		 - Reviews all assets (mostly Premium collection) to assess for quality and appropriateness.

		 - Develop quality guidelines for moderators (for standard content).

		 - Work closely with Sensei, to train curators.

	 - Scaling quality
		 - How to define quality?

		 - Started by rating individual images; then instead understood at customer level

		 - Use cases: 
			 - designer wants easy objects on white for campaign

			 - Art director wants complex stories

		 - Broke down collection into segments: basic to avant-garde

	 - Definitions of quality
		 - "social media looking"

		 - "commercial value"

		 - Training set has granular labels.

	 - Different types of buyers
		 - Large buyers who want pre-curated images; full service

	 - Projects going on
		 - Quality training
			 - Content intelligence for training.

			 - Guidelines are already done for quality. Need to develop the same for style / technical aspects. Called codebook.

			 - Build models

		 - Collections
			 - 

	 - Notes from S
		 - Content curation team lead. Aesthetic qualities. Finding high quality content. How to take subjective criteria and turn it into objective.

		 - Go through content puzzles, taxonomies, etc.

	 - Agenda
		 - What are the areas we will collaborate on?

		 - What's the interaction between human expertise and AI? Labeling and Training?

- [[Adobe Stock Interview]] on-site interview with [[Christine Le]]
	 - Intro
		 - Content Itel. EM on Stock team.

		 - 4+ yrs at Stock. More at Adobe.

	 - PM exercise
		 - Copy space - 

	 - Notes
		 - Eng. team that builds models for Stock use cases.

		 - Evaluation as a partner for thinking through problems. How to explain / analyze technical requirements.

	 - Highlights
		 - Wrote scripts to automate cost reporting and provisioning

	 - My questions: Collaboration between product / eng
		 - Start with: Product strategy / business objectives

		 - Then it comes into scrum process, but it's tricky.

		 - Very applied AI team

	 - Eng team
		 - 150 eng: Paris / SF / Seattle (some)

		 - 14 scrum teams: each team owns a component area. One is CI team.

		 - CI team is like a platform for all other PM teams.

	 - Partnering with Sensei team
		 - TBD.

	 - Agenda
		 - Process of collaboration with Eng?

		 - Collaboration w/Eng / reserach

		 - Scrum / agile?

- [[Adobe Stock Interview]] on-site interview with [[Judy Massuda]]
	 - Intro
		 - Fellow philosophy PM

		 - PM for Search. Dotted line into Search org as well. Mix between Stock and Search.

		 - Use it for rankers and filters

		 - Work with ASML team also.

	 - Collaboration story - not went so well

	 - Projects
		 - Developing metadata; e.g. ethnicity. 

		 - What metadata are we comfortable getting from ML?

		 - 

	 - Notes from S.
		 - Search PM. Owns the UI for search innovation.

	 - Highlight
		 - Customer interviews

	 - Agenda
		 - What projects we collaborate on?

		 - How collaboration works? You have your own scrum team?

		 - How do you decide what goes into the search filters? E.g. copy space.
