- Implementing [[Santosh Nazare]]'s solution
	 - Spent a lot of time getting this to work, but I finally figured it out!

	 - I needed to update devcontainer.json to use "image" argument instead of "dockerfile" and the image points to santosh's image on docker hub. I think docker hub is the default, because even if I don't have that image locally, it will download from dockerhub.

- Docker Hub tutorial: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASNL27a7sE4
	 - Thanks! I now understand how to work with my personal repository on Docker hub, but I'm wondering if there is any way to collaborate on shared repositories or contribute to open source repositories on Docker hub? Thanks again! :) 

- Charging stations
	 - [Charging Station, Vogek 5-Port 50W 10A USB Charging Station with 8 Short Mixed Cables Included Watch & Airpod Stand for Cell Phones, Smart Phones, Tablets, iWatch, Airpods Multiple Device-Black](https://smile.amazon.com/Charging-Organizer-Identification-Smartphones-Tablets-Black/dp/B07FQFNFWX/ref=sr_1_1?dchild=1&keywords=charging%2Bstation&qid=1595095704&sr=8-1&th=1)

	 - [Unitek Multi Charging Station, 10-Port USB Charger for Multiple Device with SmartIC Tech and Adjustable Dividers, Organizer Stand Compatible with iPad, Tablet, Kindle, iPhone](https://smile.amazon.com/Adjustable-Dividers-Charging-Multiple-Organizer/dp/B01AW9Z9ZE/ref=sr_1_3?dchild=1&keywords=charging+station+ipad&qid=1595095974&sr=8-3)

	 - [ideallife Wireless Charging Station for Multiple Devices 9-in-1 LCD Display Fast Charging Dock Organizer with 8 USB Ports and 10W Qi Wireless Charging Pad Compatible with iPhone,Ipad,Samsung(White)](https://smile.amazon.com/ideallife-Wireless-Charging-Organizer-Compatible/dp/B07SBPZ86W/ref=sr_1_4?dchild=1&keywords=charging%2Bstation%2Bheavy%2Bduty&qid=1595096232&sr=8-4&th=1)

	 - 

- DONE Diploma copies holder #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]
	 - https://smile.amazon.com/Filexec-93630-Presentation-Pocket-Black/dp/B002G9TXHE/ref=sr_1_4?dchild=1&keywords=11+x+13+folder&qid=1608828577&sr=8-4
		 - No zip all around

	 - Yale: 12.5" x 10.5"

	 - UChicago: 12" x 9"

	 - UPenn:  9.75 x 12.25

	 - 

- [[MCIT-593]] M10: C Language: Variables & Pointers
id:: de7d3533-a0c4-43fa-b612-096b98e5ef5d
	 - Pointer: A pointer is a variable which contains the address of another variable that contains data. 

	 - Array: An array is a label for an address that contains data. You cannot change the address of an array.

	 - Don't return pointers to stack variables (local variables within a function), because those will be erased.

	 - Automatic variable (stack variable) vs. static variable (global region variable)

	 - Quiz
		 - Q1 Casting forcefully changes the type of a variable. 1 point
			 - ****{:tag :h3}False****

			 - ^^****{:tag :h3}True****^^

		 - 2.Question 2 A pointer is a variable that contains the memory address of another variable 1 point
			 - ****{:tag :h3}False****

			 - ^^**{:tag :h3}True**^^

		 - 3.Question 3 An array is a group of data that is stored consecutively in memory. 1 point
			 - ~~{:tag :h3}False~~

			 - ^^**{:tag :h3}True**^^

		 - 4.Question 4 The name of an array is the ending memory address where the array is stored in memory. A pointer contains a memory address. 1 point
			 - ^^**{:tag :h3}True**^^

			 - ~~{:tag :h3}False~~

		 - 5.Question 5 The name of the array IS a memory address. The pointer IS a memory address. The array itself does NOT contain memory addresses. 1 point
			 - ^^**{:tag :h3}False**^^

			 - ~~True~~

		 - 6.Question 6 Which of the following is correct about dereferencing a pointer? A pointer is typed in C so that when they are ‘dereferenced’ we load the right amount of information. 1 point
			 - **{:tag :h3}False**

			 - ^^**{:tag :h3}True**^^

		 - 7.Question 7 Which of the following is correct about dereferencing a pointer? 1 point
			 - **{:tag :h3}Dereferencing requires only one “LDR” - load instructions to be issued**

			 - **{:tag :h3}Dereferencing does not require to “LDR” - load instructions to be issued**

			 - ^^**{:tag :h3}Dereferencing is the act of examining the memory address that a pointer contains, then LOADING from the memory address identified by the pointer.**^^

			 - **{:tag :h3}Dereferencing is the act of checking whether the memory address that a pointer contains is valid.**

		 - 8.Question 8 What are the four basic data types in C? 1 point
			 - ^^**{:tag :h3}Char, int, float, double**^^

			 - **{:tag :h3}Char, int, unsigned int, double**

			 - **{:tag :h3}String, int, float, double**

			 - **{:tag :h3}Char, long, float, double**

		 - 9.Question 9 What is the purpose of a pointer in C? 1 point
			 - **{:tag :h3}The function can ‘deference’ the pointer and operate indirectly on the data the variable that was pointed to contains.**

			 - **{:tag :h3}Pointers allow us to pass the name of a variable.**

			 - ^^ **{:tag :h3}Pointers allow us to pass the address of a variable (instead of a copy of the value that a variable contains) to a function.**^^

			 - **{:tag :h3}The function can’t ‘deference’ the pointer and operate directly on the data the variable that was pointed to contains.**

		 - 10.Question 10 Which of the following statements are true about "pointers to pointers" in C? (select all that apply) 1 point
			 - **{:tag :h3}Pointers to pointers require more space in memory than a regular pointer.**

			 - ^^**{:tag :h3}Pointers to pointers are pointers that contain address of another pointer.**^^

			 - ^^**{:tag :h3}Pointers to pointers can be used to pass the address of a pointer to a function.**^^

			 - **{:tag :h3}Pointers to pointers don't need to be typed.**

		 - 11.Question 11 What will get printed out? 1 point
			 - **{:tag :h3}6{:tag :h3}x7FFF**

			 - ^^**{:tag :h3}7{:tag :h3}{:tag :h3}x7FFF**^^

			 - **{:tag :h3}5{:tag :h3}x7FFF**

			 - ^^^^**{:tag :h3}7{:tag :h3}{:tag :h3}7**^^^^

		 - 12.Question 12 What will get printed out? 1 point
			 - **{:tag :h3}5**

			 - ~~{:tag :h3}6~~

			 - **{:tag :h3}7**

			 - ^^**{:tag :h3}8**^^

		 - 13.Question 13 What does a “modifier” do to a datatype? 1 point
			 - **{:tag :h3}Change the type of the datatype.**

			 - **{:tag :h3}Change the memory location of the data.**

			 - **{:tag :h3}Rename the data type.**

			 - ^^**{:tag :h3}Changes the number of bits needed to store the variable.**^^

		 - 14.Question 14 What are the two types of casting? _______ and explicit. 1 point
			 - implicit

		 - 15.Question 15 What is the amount of memory needed for this basic datatype: Char: ___ bits 1 point
			 - 8

		 - 16.Question 16 What is the amount of memory needed for this basic datatype: int: ___ bits 1 point
			 - 16

		 - 17.Question 17 What is the amount of memory needed for this basic datatype:float: ___ bits
			 - 32

	 - Assignment notes
		 - 12 assignments = 60%

		 - midterm, final = 40%

- DONE Look for YouTube series on C programming language

- DONE VS Code C formatter not working
	 - https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-cpptools/issues/1232

	 - Maybe because I'm in devcontainer? Try outside.

- VS Code debugging inside devcontainer not working with C
	 - Error: **Unable to start debugging. The value of miDebuggerPath is invalid**

	 - 

- DONE Fix mac autocorrect 
