- [[Daily journal]]
	 - {{[[POMO]]}}

	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] {{word-count}}
		 - What's up what's up? I can talk about podcasts I listened to this morning? What else happened yesterday?

		 - I got stuck in some really annoying meetings yesterday. Well, the only really annoying one was the Meera meeting. It appears that there is a lot of scope creep. She wants us to be kind of focusing on GTM and sales related issues, which I'd rather not do personally. Anyway, I'm sure I can do well with a laser focus on OKRs.

		 - DONE Set up 1:1 with Meera to review OKRs and special topics like query ui

		 - Also, she keeps working at all times. Emails on Saturday are pretty typical. That's fine. I guess I do need to learn how to manage people like that. I'm sure I'll keep encountering them.

		 - What else? Then yesterday's beer.

		 - DONE Beer review: Lagunitas Hazy memory. I was a little underwhelmed by this beer. I would classify it as an imperial hazy IPA (if such a category even exists), because it's similar to Sierra Nevada's Fantastic Haze, but I think it's slightly worse, because it doesn't have as much hop flavor. Tastes very alcoholic too.

		 - What else? Today's run. Again I got caught in the rain. I think it's mostly OK.

		 - DONE Rain proof / winter proof running gear #[[Projects]]-Shopping #Projects

		 - I could maybe invest in some rain proof / winter proof running gear if I want to optimize the experience, but so far, unless the rain is very heavy, I'm OK. What am I really worried about protecting? My phone and wallet right? Wallet actually I can chuck, and start carrying just the key. Phone also I could potentially do away with if I can figure out a way to get Libby / Overcast on my watch.

		 - DONE Libby / overcast for AW without iPhone? #[[Projects]]-Personal-IT #Projects

		 - Then that leaves just the airpods. Those? What's the plan? I think the airpods is OK. They seem kind of waterproof. What about the whole airpods for exercise issue? I'm faced with this perennial problem. My airpods don't fit too well inside the ear. The memory foam makes it slightly better, but I have to dig in a bit for a good fit. And if I start digging in too much it starts hurting my ears and I can't use them for a while.

		 - DONE Investigate airpods pro add-on / alternative with better fit for exercise #[[Projects]]-Personal-IT #Projects
			 - https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B08C9QDLSZ?pd_rd_i=B08C9QDLSZ&pd_rd_w=XA5AK&pf_rd_p=e75a99cf-81c4-40cb-bc86-6efa5f44f6cb&pd_rd_wg=i9vub&pf_rd_r=GT1STP462SBGGYXQ2M44&pd_rd_r=4880cbd5-d848-4a19-b348-8b427feeec62

		 - Maybe I can live with some add on for exercise purposes. One of those hooks or something like that.

		 - What podcasts did I listen to today? 

		 - [[podcast]]s by [[Ben Thompson]] on antitrust
			 - Ben's key idea is that we need new laws for the internet economy. Specifically to deal with the aggregation economy and zero marginal cost goods. What would these new laws look like? I"m not sure. But what he's criticizing is the current political effort to deal with these problems by regulation rather than by law. This was a successful approach when the US moved to the consumer welfare standard of antitrust law (it wasn't by law, but through the courts that this standard gained dominance apparently), and now there's a political shift towards the new Brandeis school, but Ben argues that this must happen by law rather than back-channeling through courts and regulation. 

			 - I'm not even sure how such a thing can be back-channeled or how that process works. It's worth investigating. 

		 - OK. Nothing else really coming to mind. Today's my big day for the proposal! I have candles and flowers and cake. I don't think I need much else. The photographs are a nice touch. I can just position the TV accordingly. Have something nice to say. And get some nice food. Although I do think guilt trip would be nice food. Let me see if there's any place that does biryani too. But I like guilt trip. I think it will be good. Not worried about it. So what's the plan for today? I'll start prepping around 4pm, I think that will be good. Should call the cake shop in the morning and check if it's in the works. That's a good idea. Then pick up the flowers and candles etc. Set up at home. Yes. Dinner? Guilt trip. I think that's a good idea. Gute idee.

		 - {DONE}} Kitchen sink caddy #[[Projects]]-Shopping #Projects #Projects
			 - https://smile.amazon.com/Orimade-Organizer-Adhesive-Countertop-Stainless/dp/B07VHK8XGM/ref=sr_1_7?dchild=1&keywords=kitchen+sink+caddy&qid=1597355119&sr=8-7
				 - maybe too big?

			 - https://smile.amazon.com/simplehuman-Caddy-Brushed-Stainless-Steel/dp/B003VWL6TI/ref=sr_1_6?dchild=1&keywords=kitchen+sink+caddy&qid=1597355119&sr=8-6
				 - small

			 - https://smile.amazon.com/SimpleHouseware-Kitchen-Organizer-Sponge-Holder/dp/B07D5NCHHF/ref=sr_1_17?dchild=1&keywords=kitchen+sink+caddy&qid=1597355119&sr=8-17
				 - Small

		 - My time's almost up. What else do I want to do? That's quite it for now. Anything to think about? Hmm... it seems that I automatically do about 750+ words every day. That's good.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Work on [[MCIT 593 Docker Dev Environment Setup Guide]]
	 - DONE How to extract docker config from VM

	 - DONE Set up sample file in codio #[[Projects]]-MCIT #Projects

- [[MCIT 2020 Summer Hackathon]] meeting with [[Nguyen Vo]] 15:30
	 - {DONE}} Next meeting on Thursday at 5pm #Projects

	 - Nguyen is a super enthusiastic guy! We agreed to do some prep work beforehand and then do the project with a simple application in a known problem space so that we can build something end to end.
