- [[QS scrum]] meeting 09:10
	 - Keywords: [[QS]]

	 - Anil M introduced me to the team.

	 - Swapnil: 
		 - Working on improving resiliency for batch queries. 

		 - Problem: Sometimes jobs are timing out. Sometimes resources are not turning off. 

		 - Batch job tracking service. Implementing scheduling and tracking to solve.

	 - Questions
		 - Scrum artifacts - is this the only meeting or do we have demos, etc.?

		 - ~~Any slack channels?~~

- Grafana access
	 - I need to get access to [[Grafana]] for PQS usage data.

	 - [Wiki: Request Grafana access](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/DMSArchitecture/Request+Grafana+access)

	 - How to view which ldap group you belong to via api
		 - $ brew install openldap-libs

		 - $ ldapsearch -H ldap://ldap.loc.adobe.net -xW -D cn=<your ldap username>,ou=Users,o=adbe -b ou=Users,o=adbe "cn=<ldap username of lookup person>"
			 - NM: ldapsearch -H ldap://ldap.loc.adobe.net -xW -D cn=nmaddira,ou=Users,o=adbe -b ou=Users,o=adbe "cn=nmaddira"

		 - EG: ldapsearch -H ldap://ldap.loc.adobe.net -xW -D cn=pparka,ou=Users,o=adbe -b ou=Users,o=adbe "cn=aponnusa". [pparka is running this query to fetch ldap group for aponnusa]

		 - O/P will contain 'memberOf: cn=<ldap group name>,ou=Groups,o=adbe'

		 - 'ldap group name' is the one associated with your respective grafana organisation.

- DONE Add Anil's orgs to DSW removal

- Tasks
	 - DONE Get QS usage data #QS-CG

	 - DONE Get PQS cogs and opex data #QS-CG

- [[EMBA]] W3
	 - Discussion 1
		 - Response
			 - __"Privacy advocates rallied against it, however, arguing that data was being sent without the users' explicit permission."__ (Cashmore, 2016)

This quote from the Mashable article points to what I think is the primary ethical issue to be considered by information systems which collect data: __permission__. Everything depends on the user's permission or consent. I believe that there is nothing inherently wrong with collecting data and analyzing it for the benefit of the information system, because this is what enables users to get free services. This is in effect the bargain made between a user and Facebook. The user gets free access to Facebook's software applications, and in exchange Facebook gets access to the user's data. They key aspect that legitimizes this transaction or exchange is the notion of informed consent on both sides. If Facebook were harvesting this data without explicit consent, then it would certainly be wrong. Therefore, information systems must always be very careful to get permission or consent from their users.


**References**

Cashmore, P. (2016, September 20). __RIP Facebook Beacon__. Mashable. https://mashable.com/2009/09/19/facebook-beacon-rip/?europe=true

		 - Prompt
			 - People have the responsibility to make wise decisions about how information systems are used and how data are protected against abuse and misuse. How would one feel if they spent hours and hours creating content only to find out that someone else had swiped it and used it without permission or remuneration.

			 - Consider your own various interactions with social media, websites, or business that collect data about you, your purchases, your movements, etc. What ethical, social, and political issues are raised by collecting data used in information systems?

	 - Discussion 2
		 - Response
			 - **Challenges to intellectual property**

In this response, I will focus on the challenges posed by the internet and modern information systems to intellectual property (IP) by considering the online transformation of the music industry.

In the pre-internet era, it was quite easy for musicians to protect their IP (i.e. songs), because it was very difficult for consumers to make copies of songs. If you wanted to listen to a song, the easiest way was through legal means (i.e. purchasing the tape, or borrowing a friend's copy). However, in the early 1990s with the digitization of music, it became all too easy for consumers to distribute illegal copies of songs via the internet (through services such as Napster and BitTorrent). 

As a result, the music industry had to fundamentally re-think their business model. On the one hand, they had to match Naptser in terms of convenience (i.e. users should be able to download and listen to any song they want at the click of a button), but on the other hand they had to protect their IP and realize revenue from it. It took the music industry a long time (over a decade) to solve this problem. The solution eventually came not from the music industry, but from the tech industry (iTunes store) which created a digital platform for the purchase and sale of music, protected by Digital Rights Management (DRM) software. Now, both consumers and creators are able to benefit. Consumers have the convenience of services like Spotify and iTunes through which they can instantly listen to their favorite music. Creators are able to have their IP protected and receive a share of the revenue generated by Spotiyf, iTunes, etc.

		 - Prompt
			 - Technology can be a double-edged sword. It can be the source of many benefits. It can also create new opportunities for breaking the law or taking benefits away from others. The Web has created new opportunities and challenges regarding privacy issues. It has also created struggles between businesses and users regarding the vast amounts of data that are collected from Web surfing. The misuse and abuse of data also creates moral and ethical dilemmas that students are likely to face in the workplace.

			 - Why do contemporary information systems technology and the Internet pose challenges to the protection of individual privacy and intellectual property?

	 - Essay / ppt
		 - Week 3 Presentation: Cloud Computing
			 - Table of contents

			 - Introduction
				 - Throughout this presentation, I will use the example of a young startup founder Jim who is creating a web application called FinanceManager to help people keep track of their finances. As a former CPA, Jim is really passionate about finance and helping people with their finances. What role does cloud computing play for an individual like Jim? What are the advantages and disadvantages of cloud computing? Will Jim's business benefit from cloud computing? I will explore this topic in this presentation. 

			 - Business benefits of cloud computing
				 - Overview
					 - "69% of businesses are already using cloud technology in one capacity or another, and 18% say they plan to implement cloud-computing solutions at some point." (__12 Benefits of Cloud Computing and Its Advantages__, 2020)

					 - According to the above quoted Salesforce report, the top three benefits of cloud computing are cost savings, security, and flexibility. One more I will add to the list is "focus" (which I will explain in the coming section). So how is all this relevant to Jim and FinanceManager?

				 - Cost savings
					 - The main benefit of cloud computing is to realize cost savings. In the old days, if Jim wanted to develop a web application, Jim would have to purchase a whole lot of complex infrastructure. Jim needs to stand up his own web server (to host the web application), his own data center (to store his customers' data), his own networking equipment, etc. This requires significant capital expenditures to purchase and install the equipment, and is in the order of magnitude of several thousands of dollars (or even tens of thousands) of dollars. This is simply unaffordable for a small business owner like Jim.

					 - However, with cloud computing it is ever so easy for small business owners like Jim to get up and running with all the infrastructure needed for a web application at the cost of less than a hundred dollars per month. How is this possible? Instead of having to set up complex infrastructure (including data centers, CPUs, networking, etc.), Jim can simply outsource of all of this work to dedicated cloud computing providers such as Amazon Web Services (AWS) and focus instead on his core capabilities. 

					 - How does AWS realize cost savings? This is through sophistication and economies of scale. AWS is hosting millions of servers, data centers, etc. therefore it can do so much more efficiently than individual business owners, and it has much more negotiating power with suppliers to be able to get bulk discounts.

				 - Security
					 - Security is a critical concern for anybody operating an online business such as Jim. In order to sell his finance application, he is collecting personal data from customers such as their name, address, credit card number, etc. Moreover, FinanceManager as an application will have a lot of sensitive data about customers' finances. Therefore, it is extremely important that Jim pays a lot of attention to security.

					 - However, Jim does not know anything about data security or privacy. He has neither the knowledge nor the technical sophistication needed to ensure that his customer data is secure. In the pre-cloud computing era, this would have required him to hire a security engineer and possibly license some expensive software and hardware just for the purpose of maintaining security. However, with cloud computing, AWS will take care of all this for him.

				 - Flexibility
					 - When beginning the startup, Jim has no idea what scale it will operate at. Will he get 10 customers? 10 thousand customers? 10 million customers? Who knows. In the pre-cloud-computing era, Jim would have to decide up-front how much to invest in infrastrucutre, because the infrastructure needs of serving 10 customers are vastly different than the infrastructure needs of serving 10 million customrs. Jim could be optimistic and estimate a higher number of customers, but what if he fails in acquiring so many customers? That would be a hugely wasted investment.

					 - Instead, cloud computing providers such as AWS offer auto-scaling such that Jim can start with 10 customers (and pay only for 10 customers), and as his customer base grows, the infrastructure will automatically scale incrementally according to his needs, without requiring a heavy upfront investment.

				 - Focus
					 - Focus is key in the modern business era. Business owners need to identify their core capability and focus ruthlessly, while avoiding all other non-essential activities. Jim is a CAP and his expertise is in finance. Cloud computing enables Jim to focus only on his area of expertise, while leaving computer infrastructure to those who have expertise in that area (such as AWS).

			 - Disadvantages of cloud computing
				 - Overview
					 - According to Centre Technologies (__5 Cloud Computing Disadvantages__, 2014), the top three disadvantages of cloud computing are network connection dependency, limited features, and loss of control. I will explore how each of these relates to Jim's small business.

				 - Network connection dependency
					 - This is the primary disadvantage of cloud computing. It depends on a strong network connection between you and the cloud provider. You won't be able to access any of your data in case of some failure either on your end or the cloud provider's end. However, in today's era of ubiquitous internet connectivity (and with upcoming advances such as 5G), failures in network connectivity are becoming more and more rare.

				 - Limited features
					 - The cloud provider may or may not support the exact set of features that are required for your particular use case and application. For example, you might require a certain encryption feature for some of your data which the cloud provider does not provide. In this case you will have to shop around for a cloud provider that offers the specific feature you need, or in case none of them offer it, you will have to make do without that feature. However, given the current level of sophistication of cloud providers such as AWS, Azure, GCP, etc. it is unlikely that small business owners such as Jim will have feature requirements that are so complex that they cannot be handled by cloud providers. If sophisticated companies like Netflix and Linkedin are able to run entirely on cloud providers, there's no reason Jim can't!

				 - Loss of control
					 - The cloud provider has control over your data. You are at the mercy of the cloud provider to access the data and to ensure it's safekeeping. This requires a large amount of trust. Whereas if the data were in your own data center, you would have complete control over it. However, given the scale and trustworthiness of large cloud providers today, this is hardly an issue.

			 - Capacity planning, scalability, and TCO
				 - Capacity planning
					 - According to W3 Schools, the goal of capacity planning is to "identify significant & vital resources that have resource ceiling & add more resources to move the restricted access to higher levels of demand." (W3 Schools, 2018)

					 - Cloud computing enables small business owners such as Jim to outsource capacity planning to AWS.  Jim does not have the expertise needed to identify vital resources and to know when they are likely to reach their ceiling. AWS is able to take care of this more efficiently.

				 - Scalability
					 - Scalability is closely related to capacity planning. The need for scale becomes significant when a business is reaching the limitations of it's existing resources. In our example, as Jim's business scales from 10 to 10 thousand to 10 million customers, Jim does not need to worry about how to identify he resource ceilings and how to add more resources; instead AWS automatically takes care of this process for him.

				 - Total cost of ownership (TCO)
					 - "AWS helps you reduce Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) by reducing the need to invest in large capital expenditures and providing a pay-as-you-go model that empowers you to invest in the capacity you need and use it only when the business requires it." (__AWS Total Cost of Ownership Calculator__, 2020)

					 - Per the AWS TCO calculator, business can reduce their TCO by using cloud computing services. This is in line with the rest of the analysis in this presentation. Cloud providers are much better equipped to optimize capacity planning, scalability, and TCO compared to individual businesses.

			 - What kinds of businesses are most likely to benefit from using cloud computing?
				 - Almost all businesses will benefit from using cloud computing. The only exception is those businesses which specialize in building and maintaining computing infrastructure. 

				 - The companies that will benefit most are small businesses and startups. Large companies will also benefit, but not as much as startups and small businesses. This is because large companies are already able to realize efficiencies and economies of scale, whereas small companies do not have these advantages.

			 - References
				 - __12 Benefits of Cloud Computing and Its Advantages__. (2020). Salesforce.Com. https://www.salesforce.com/products/platform/best-practices/benefits-of-cloud-computing/

				 - __5 Cloud Computing Disadvantages__. (2014). Centre Technologies. http://blog.centretechnologies.com/5-cloud-computing-disadvantages

				 - W3 Schools. (2018, July 29). __Cloud Capacity Planning__. W3schools. https://www.w3schools.in/cloud-computing/capacity-planning/

				 - __AWS Total Cost of Ownership Calculator__. (2020). Amazon Web Services, Inc. https://aws.amazon.com/tco-calculator/

		 - Prompt
			 - From this week's reading Should Businesses Move to the Cloud? (Found at the End of Chapter) and your own independent research, create a Powerpoint presentation that addresses the following elements:
				 - What business benefits do cloud computing services provide? What problems do they solve?

				 - What are the disadvantages of cloud computing?

				 - How do the concepts of capacity planning, scalability, and TCO apply to this case? Apply these concepts both to Amazon (or a similar firm) and to subscribers of its services.

				 - What kinds of businesses are most likely to benefit from using cloud computing? Why?

			 - Your presentation should be at least 15 slides long, not including the title and reference pages. Please utilize various creative strategies (animation, color, images, etc.) to create an informative and visually appealing presentation. You may record audio for your presentation using PPT or an online source such as [Prezi](http://prezi.com/).

			 - Due: Sunday at midnight, CT

			 - Points Possible: 50

	 - CPT memo
		 - Topic: Ethical and Social Issues in Information Systems and Emerging Technologies

		 - Sub-topics: What ethical, social, and political issues are raised by information systems? What specific principles for conduct can be used to guide ethical decisions? Why do contemporary information systems technology and the Internet pose challenges to the protection of individual privacy and intellectual property? How have information systems affected everyday life? What is IT infrastructure and what are its components? What are the stages and technology drivers of IT infrastructure evolution? What are the current trends in computer hardware platforms? What are the current trends in software platforms? What are the challenges of managing IT infrastructure and management solutions?

		 - Relevance: As a product manager for Adobe Experience Platform, I need to be aware of ethical and social issues that impact my product's information systems. For example, privacy is an important ethical concern for Adobe Experience Platform, and all areas of the product need to ensure that they are compliant with customers' privacy needs and wishes. The coursework this week was extremely relevant in describing the various ethical considerations that information systems such as Adobe Experience Platform must take into account.

	 - Citations
		 - (Cashmore, 2016)
			 - "Privacy advocates rallied against it, however, arguing that data was being sent without the users' explicit permission."

			 - Cashmore, P. (2016, September 20). __RIP Facebook Beacon__. Mashable. https://mashable.com/2009/09/19/facebook-beacon-rip/?europe=true

		 - (__12 Benefits of Cloud Computing and Its Advantages__, 2020)
			 - "69% of businesses are already using cloud technology in one capacity or another, and 18% say they plan to implement cloud-computing solutions at some point."

			 - __12 Benefits of Cloud Computing and Its Advantages__. (2020). Salesforce.Com. https://www.salesforce.com/products/platform/best-practices/benefits-of-cloud-computing/

- [[Anthony Ching]] reach out
	 - Hi Anthony — Hope you're doing well! :) I was wondering if I could have a brief chat with you about the possibility of exploring any upcoming job openings in your team? Due to a recent re-org in AEP, I was moved to the Query Service team, and I'm no longer able to pursue my interest in ML/AI.

- [[QS]] Intro meeting [[Andrew Chen]] 15:04
	 - About [[QS-team]]
		 - Responsible for how PQS interacts with the rest of AEP like catalog, pipeline, etc. More about service architecture above the data layer.

		 - Gautam, Xabriel, Swapnil (junior) are closest to data layer: how it's stored, how partitioned, etc. how to optimize for query performance.

		 - Core US team: Andrew, Gautam, Xabriel, Swapnil, Serge (architect)

		 - Noida team: Priyanka's team

		 - Old names: XDW (Exp Data Warehouse); PQS; EQS

	 - Interactive query API
		 - psql
			 - Interactive is based on postrgres; we directly adopted postgres protocol as the API; this gives us client support (BI tools, JDBC driver support, etc.) for free OOTB.

			 - Internally there's not Postgres. We're based on Apache Spark. We emulate Postgres server by converting everything to Spark and then back again.

			 - DONE Try out psql cli 

		 - wss
			 - web socket wrapper for pstgres gateway.

			 - For Platform UI.

	 - Batch query
		 - REST API

		 - Two methods: CTAS or INSERT INTO

		 - To read the results, we need to use Data Access APIs or use interactive API.

	 - [[QS-CG]]
		 - Databricks compute is the primary cost driver (rest are negligible)

		 - Interactive: stateful sessions; will keep instance alive as long as session is active; session duration is not limited. Session usually cannot exceed 24 hours because token will expire (moreover, Ethos will randomly drop connections around once a day).

		 - One spark cluster is one instance of Query Service. Within a cluster you have Databricks autoscaling. But we never scale down to that low (because Azure has 5-10 minute VM startup time).

	 - Usage and cost data
		 - Grafana: usage data

		 - DMAI: finance data

		 - Compute jump page: compute dashboard (led by Paul Mackles)
			 - How to find which Azure subscription we run on: Compute UI > Region > Workspaces > Query Service (MCT) for interactive and (Batch) for Batch; they both share one subscription for QS.

	 - Cost saving measures [[QS-CG]]
		 - Throttling
			 - External customers
				 - Customers have a certain level of entitlement (based on number of sessions, and later based on number of queries). Setting throttling limits is currently a manual process, but meeds to be automated by provisioning. But changing from session-based throttling to query-based throttling will cost us more right now, because our auto-scaling logic is based on sessions, not queries.

			 - Internal customers
				 - Service token approach. We track usage and issue chargebacks.

		 - Interactive
			 - Idle TTL on interactive sessions

			 - Stop Spark cluster state for idle sessions

		 - Batch

- DONE Add Tom email to DSW-F wiki #DSW

- [[DSW-KT]] GTM KT with Anurag 16:07
	 - Discussed data prep for intelligent services
