- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - I've been off my routine for a bit. For a few days now. All week actually. Monday and Tuesday this week I was off just on my own accord. Didn't feel like routine-ing for some reason. I did even journal about this a little bit. Maybe not about why I'm off the morning routine specifically, but about the fact that I've been off my work routine. Yes, whatever conclusions that I came to or recommendations didn't really follow through. 

		 - What am I thinking now? That I should get back to my morning routine in an easing into it manner. What I'm planning this morning is that I'll do a quick morning routine consisting of 10 mins stretching and 5 mins of meditation. That will help me feel better and make me feel like I'm somewhat getting back on track. Yes, that will be good!

		 - What else will I do? Then I'll make sure to have a couple of focus blocks at work. BEFORE I get into GTD organizing, I should do the focus blocks for things that are obvious. Work related stuff to start with.

		 - Then there's this whole temporary work location policy that came up yesterday. Looks like Meera and Saurabh need things to be official. This makes total sense. If I were a manager and someone who worked for me were doing this, I would totally 100% want them to comply with company policy. WTF am I even thinking to question this? Doesn't make any sense. So, I need to fill out this form that the company is requesting to indicate that I am temporarily working out of Washington. I'm not sure what implications this will have. I think it's unlikely that they will force me back to CA, but maybe they'll force me to make the move back official. I mean the move to WA. Then I'll have to discuss with Saurabh and Meera how to handle this. I think it shouldn't be too bad. I should comply with my company's policies. I'm not doing anything illegal I think. I should talk to someone to better understand. I'll talk to Aaron. I'll research online too. Some cursory search reveals that there are tax implications of employees working in a different state. There may be some temporary tax shelter due to the fact that Covid. Some states are offering temprorary releif for Covid, but not sure how long this will last.

		 - This whole concept is so silly. Whether I'm in CA or WA how does it matter? Well, I need to pay tax to the state government for living in a state. But they want me to pay tax for earning income in a state. What does it even mean to say that I am earning income in WA vs. earning income in CA? If I'm telecommuting, this distinction is completely unclear. Or I think it's clear in the law today, but my complaint is that it doesn't make sense in the modern context of how people are actually working. That's OK. I'll figure it out. Well, for now the only choice is to comply with the reporting requirements. It's company policy. I can't really fault the company for wanting to know where their employees are located. Neither can I fault the managers for wanting to comply with company policy. It's just a tricky situation. That's all. I may have to officially change my location to WA. That may in fact be a good thing. It's fine. What will happen will happen. I will figure it out. OK. Time is now up.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - Focus blocks: 2 hrs on work

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		 - Nope. Didn't get focus blocks for work.

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - OMAD: 100g chicken, 1.5 chorizo links, 200g beans, 400g salad, 1 apple, 1.5 servings greek yogurt

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- EAP call with Legal and Financial services
	 - Call the attorney and mention that I'm CLC Member

	 - They tried transferring my call, but the attorney was not available

	 - Agenda
		 - At what point do I need to report a change of address to USCIS?

		 - My company is asking me to report change of location for tax purposes.

- Temporary Remote Work Location Change Request Form
	 - From: 03/09/2020

	 - Until: 01/06/2021

	 - Comment: 
		 - I am temporarily staying with family in Washington state during the Covid-19 work from home period.

- DSC customer outreach
	 - Hope you're doing well!

	 - Trevor and I are product managers building tools to help customers with SQL based data exploration and data preparation for Adobe Analytics data. In this context, we were hoping to reach out to Dollar Shave Club for discovery/validation around those use cases. If possible, could you please let us know the right person to reach out to for this meeting request? 

	 - 

- DONE Rukma calorie tracker update #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects

- [[Freewrite]] — Media reviews {{word-count}}
	 - I'll use this freewrite to review some content I've recently consumed.

	 - [[Rear Window]] by [[Alfred Hitchcock]]
		 - Rukma and I really enjoyed this film. It's a story of a photographer who's stuck in a cramped New York City apartment complex due to a broken leg. It's one of those cramped NYC apartment complexes where everyone is in everyone else's business (or can be if they choose to). The protagonist, Jeff, chooses to spend his time playing peeping tom, spying on the various people in the apartment complex across from his through their windows. He observes the lives of the individuals (and families), and we as the audience, also get drawn into their lives through Jeff's eyes. There's an attractive Blonde who constantly fights off the advances of several men while she waits for her boyfriend / husband to return. There's a couple in a seemingly loveless marriage where the wife tries to avoid the husband always. There's a lonely middle aged woman who's longing for companionship, but can only attract people interested in sex. And so on. Aside from this, the other major plot element is Jeff's love life. He has a girlfriend who seems to be crazy about him (also who seems to be extremely beautiful and intelligent), but Jeff is very cold towards her, under the pretense that committing to her will deprive him of his freedom which he really needs to maintain as a photographer. Then the plot develops in such a way that one of the Toms' on which Jeff is peeping turns out to be a murderer. When Jeff first suspects this, nobody believes him (neither his girlfriend nor his detective friend), but soon, they start to believe him. His girlfriend, in an attempt to prove that she is adventurous enough for Jeff, goes to investigate the situation and finds some circumstantial evidence. This culminates in the climax where the murderer confronts Jeff and breaks his other leg but ends up getting captured by the cops, and in the end we see Jeff with 2 broken legs instead of one, and tended to by his loving girlfriend.

		 - What are the themes that emerge from this plot? One is obviously that of the peeping tom or the voyeur. Through Jeff, the audience too is implicated in this voyeurism, and so are the filmmakers (of this particular film, and filmmakers in general). This is explicitly called out by the nurse who tends to Jeff when she accuses him of being a peeping tom. But so what? What's the deeper significance of this? Could it be that we have become a society of peepers and on-lookers rather than a real community that helps each other (recall the lady who lashes out at the neighborhood for failing to protect her dog from dying). What else could this imply? Jeff is a peeping tom. He converts his gf and nurse into peeping toms by the end, and throughout we the audience are peeping toms. What impact does peeping have on the Toms? Given the murder plot, it seems that the impact is positive. The peeping helped catch a murderer. But there is something dark about it, tied up with Jeff being a dark, mean character. But I'm not sure what. Analyzing fiction is hard!

		 - Second theme is love and commitment and marriage. Jeff's gf loves him and wants to marry him but he is cold towards her. This prompts her to display and amplify her adventurous side through which she does seem to convince Jeff in the end. Lot of dialogue around this where Thelma the nurse tells him that he's being foolish and overthinking things (much like the conversations I myself have had with my parents so many times). On this point, one thing that was mentioned in the review by [[Spoto]] is that each of the Toms that Jeff peeps on represents a possible future for Jeff and his gf. I'm not sure where this is going, but that was Spoto's point. Well so what? What does that indicate? Another aspect of the love and companionship theme is around how difficult and complex it is. Those who so desperately seek it struggle so hard to find it (Mrs. Lonelyheart). Those whose laps it drops on reject it in such a cavalier manner (Jeff). Those who find it and come together can still have the worst possible outcomes such as murder (Thorwalds) or just growing apart (the couple with the dog). These are all certainly different possible outcomes of relationships. But what does this say about Jeff's relationship with his gf? Not sure.

		 - What else? There's the theme of friendships developed during the war. Jeff and his detective friend for example. People who are from very different walks of life who otherwise wouldn't have become friends if it weren't for the war. It seems that war really had some kind of binding together effect on society, especially on the aspects of society that usually live far apart. Elites and commoners for example. This is something that's missing in the current order of society. I'm not calling for a draft to be instituted of coruse, but some practice with similar effects may be useful.

- Work on [[Financial planning]]
	 - List of investment accounts
		 - Vanguard (Adobe)

		 - Etrade (Adobe)Î

		 - Betterment

		 - Schwab

- 
