- GTD
	 - DONE Reset horace time

	 - DONE Get ca toll pass and make online account to pay existing tolls. #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] 

	 - DONE We should come up with a set of rules around phone usage #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Hello world! Last night I saw "[[The social dilemma]]". It was a great dramatization of the negative effects of internet and social media addiction. For someone who has read Cal Newport's [[Digital Minimalism]], I don't think it contains any new information, but it does a good job of presenting the information in a new light, and making it seem urgent. One line that struck me was around how the people who work at tech companies are often the strictest in terms of restricting their own children's screen time. This is because they understand the dangers of it better than others, so they want to prevent their children from getting into it. The solution to this problem is precisely what's outlined in Digital Minimalism. We need to come up with a set of values and rules around when and how we are going to use these devices. It can't be dictated by whatever we feel like or just what we are habituated to. It must be an intentional choice. We must choose when and how much and for what purpose we want to use various devices and applicaitons. 

		 - I know that for myself, checking my phone is becoming the default mode behavior. Have a moment to spare and don't know what to do? Oh, just check my phone. During the work day, I think I should keep my phone inside my desk drawer, and only pull it out when it becomes necessary. Or at pre-determined times. Once every hour or so is a good amount of time to check it and not get sucked into a rabbit hole. The key is to not have it at all times, and to not let all times become a "checking my phone" time. Like Rukma, I can take inspiration and even put my phone away in its charging case. That would help even more. Then there's also the times I'm away from my computer. Hanging out at home with Rukma. And just when I'm out and about. Decrease phone usage in those times. When I'm alone it'll be hard. But at least when I'm with Rukma, I can give my phone to her.

		 - DONE Remove iphone notificaitons from lock screen #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

		 - Next I was thinking about the Google job applicaiton. Is now the right time to apply? What's holding me back? One is the possible promotion - this is holding me back less. The other is the remote work policy. Let's talk about that one. What it will do is make me re-rank my job preferences. Right now I'm saying Google is my top choice. But what if Google says they're fully back in the office, but Adobe says they're fully remote? Then what will I prefer? I think Google suddenly becomes much less appealing to me in that case. Or what if both Google and Adobe say no to remote? Then I probably want to target companies like Facebook and other remote-first companies. Now this is what it means to prioritize the remote lifestyle. So does it make sense to apply now or to wait now? Maybe wait now and see what they're going to make the policy like. What happens with Adobe? Adobe is a follower not a leader, so it's likely they'll wait to see what big companies are doing and follow. Who are they following? Microsoft, Salesforce, Google, Facebook. Of these companies, at least half have announced remote policies. Google will actually have a big impact I think on Adobe, so I think both of their futures are tied together around this particular issue. Yes, that makes sense. So now wait? Yes, I think it makes sense to say that I'll wait a couple of months. Talk this through with Rukma, with Piyush before deciding. Also talk to Ashok about it.

		 - DONE Respond to Google recruiter @decide #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]]

		 - What else? Diet started a little on track yesterday. Pending is still exercise. Why not start up running again? What's so difficult about this? Start today. Or tomorrow at the very latest. This really needs minimal effort at all. I can start a bit of meditation too.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Meeting with [[Anil Malkani]]
	 - Current state to future state
		 - Future state: Make it a cloud rather than separate arrows

	 - Current state
		 - What CJA does today: CJA builds its own Identity logic (FBS)

		 - Andrey Tanase knows this

		 - UIS is providing a new algorithm (has time information for CJA); 

	 - Future state
		 - EQS will provide a configurable option. Config parameters
			 - Replay / re-keying window 

		 - EQS will materialzie the stitched datasets; extending the concept of data groups.

	 - Difference between UPS exports and our project
		 - We are giving the option to the customer of how much to re-state

		 - UPS export was too heavy - it required export of everything. Exporting 90% of data that was already on the lake and get it from Profile. COGS were too high.

		 - Our project is no more time based, it is ID based. 

	 - Deliverables
		 - 1st step; UIS export - PPC; Miao's deliverable

		 - Ad-hoc queries using stitching Macros

		 - Run-time or materialized exports for services - CJA, Intelligent Services; what to expose as configuration; SQL Prep starts here

		 - SQL Prep and Identities for end customers

	 - DONE UX updates
		 - Queries > SQL Prep

		 - Tab to show datasets as tables > Browse view could expose 

		 - ADFs + stitching functions in a UI

- Meeting with [[Anil Malkani]], [[Meera Srinivasan]] on Stitching
	 - Rebrand to "Customer profiles in data lake"

	 - Two flavors of stitching:
		 - 1 CJA, IS, DSW - just back-end

		 - 2 BYOD and Enterprise sync - this requires SQL Prep; customer facing

	 - Use case patterns
		 - Enterprise sync - include live stitching

	 - Dependencies
		 - CJA - Trevor, Matt Freestone

	 - Customers
		 - Walmart, Home Depot, Best Buy (All Dashboards customers)

	 - Pre-reads
		 - Dashboards team

		 - IS team

		 - CJA team 

	 - DONE Get Keshav master data prep deck

- Benchmarking meeting with [[Gautam Kowshik]], [[Xabriel Collazo Mojica]], and [[Caleb]]
	 - Gautam: Benchmarking was done based on a set of queries which may not be representative of actual queries. But these are intended.

	 - SQL has TPCH benchmarks that are analytics driven. These queries are different - more fine-tuned for BI use cases.

	 - All these queries assume one single table, which is not true for most of our users who want to do joins.

	 - We need to ask customers for real queries. But we start with this.

	 - Looking at SQL statements and showing time may not be so useful.

	 - Next steps to make it consumable
		 - Gautam will provide wall clock times for queries

		 - Define a profile - rows and columns

		 - Need to categorize queries

	 - Problems generalizing
		 - These benchmarks are not multi-tenant

		 - Number of resources is much higher than what a customer would get

		 - Need to re-run this on a production instance of QS to get reasonable numbers that are meaningful to customers

		 - Can use Strider app for this.

- Adobe security awareness training
	 - **Question: 1**

	 - Who among these Adobe employees are properly handling Adobe data?
		 - **A:** Danielle posts __Confidential__ data on a SharePoint site and sets up permissions so that it is accessible by **ANY** Adobe employee.

		 - DONE **B:** In order to perform his role at Adobe, John posts __Restricted__ data on a SharePoint site and sets up permissions so that only he can access it.

		 - **C:** Akil emails a spreadsheet of employee data including Social Security numbers to Adobe's payroll vendor.

		 - **D:** Armando posts __Confidential__ data on what he believes to be a secure cloud storage solution. He sets up permissions so that it is accessible by a select group of Adobe employees.
			 - WRONG

	 - __Confidential__ data must only be stored on an approved internal platform or an approved external platform (vetted through the Vendor Security Review (VSR) process). Adobe employees may not use their own discretion as to what they believe is secure.

	 - **Question: 2**

	 - Providing a vendor __Confidential__ or __Restricted__ data is acceptable as long as you verify that they have a security certification and a good reputation.
		 - **A:** True

		 - DONE **B:** False

	 - Good job!

	 - **Question: 3**

	 - What should you do if you suspect that a person (Adobe employee or non-employee) has unauthorized access to Adobe systems or data?
		 - **A:** Confront the person involved to find out their intentions.

		 - DONE **B:** Report the situation to the Security Coordination Center (SCC@adobe.com).

		 - **C:** Nothing. It's not your responsibility.

		 - **D:** Tell your co-worker.

	 - Good job!

	 - **Question: 4**

	 - Which description below BEST describes Confidential data according to Adobe's Data Classification and Handling Standard?
		 - DONE **A:** Sexual Orientation

		 - **B:** Date of Birth combined with Full Name
			 - Restricted only

		 - **C:** Ethnic Origin

		 - **D:** Gender

	 - This is Restricted data. Please review Adobe's Data Classification & Handling Standard.

	 - **Question: 5**

	 - When working in public places, which of the following practices is **NOT** a good idea?
		 - **A:** Keeping your laptop with you at all times instead of leaving it in your car.

		 - **B:** Working with your back to the wall, or using a privacy screen, so others cannot see your laptop screen.

		 - DONE **C:** Leaving your laptop unattended and unlocked in a hotel lobby while talking to the concierge.

		 - **D:** You desperately need an internet connection to finish up some work and see some wifi networks that don't require a password. You decide to not connect as you don't know how secure those networks are.

	 - Incorrect. This is a good practice!

	 - **Question: 6**

	 - You decide you are going to stop at the store on the drive home from work. Which of the below options will protect your assets?
		 - DONE **A:** Take your computer/bag into the store with you.

		 - **B:** Place your computer/bag in the trunk.

		 - **C:** Place your computer/bag on the front seat with the door locked.

		 - **D:** All the above.

	 - Correct! Adobe assets should never be left unattended in a vehicle.

	 - **Question: 7**

	 - Which of the following methods is **NOT** a safe practice for keeping your computer secure while connected to the internet?
		 - DONE **A:** Downloading free software that a fellow employee told you was safe to use.

		 - **B:** Keeping your software up-to-date.

		 - **C:** Using the Corporate VPN when working remotely.

		 - **D:** Configuring your screen-saver to prompt for a password before giving access to your desktop.

	 - Good job!

	 - **Question: 8**

	 - Which of the following methods is **NOT** a safe practice for keeping your computer physically secure?
		 - **A:** Physically securing laptops left at work.

		 - DONE **B:** Pause your security monitoring tools while you download a large file.

		 - **C:** Using encryption software to protect Restricted data stored on your laptop. **Note**: Storing Restricted data on your laptop is allowed only if your role requires it.

		 - **D:** Your coworker requests to use your laptop while you're on vacation because theirs is running slow. You suggest that they go to Adobe IT to get a loaner instead.

	 - Good job!

	 - **Question: 9**

	 - Which of the following are **TRUE** in regard to using a cloud computing service for Adobe business purposes (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, etc.)?
		 - **A:** You can set up a cloud computing service as long as you use your Adobe email and not a personal email.

		 - **B:** Cloud computing services are secure by default.

		 - **C:** You can set up a cloud computing service using your corporate credit card as long as your manager approves the expense.

		 - **D:** Both A and C.

		 - DONE **E:** None of the above.

		 - **F:** All of the above.

	 - Good job!

	 - **Question: 10**

	 - A device in your possession must adhere to Adobe’s BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) policy, if it meets which of the following criteria?
		 - **A:** Owned by an employee.

		 - **B:** Able to connect to the Adobe network.

		 - **C:** Able to connect to your home internet.

		 - DONE **D:** Both A and B.

		 - **E:** All of the above.
			 - WRONG

	 - Incorrect. It is any device that is owned by an employee AND can connect to the Adobe corporate network, the guest network not included.

	 - **Sorry.**

	 - Try again! You must pass with a score of 90% to get credit for this training. We suggest reviewing the questions and answers below before retaking.

	 - [RETRY]()

	 - You answered **6** out of
