- [[Daily journal]]
	 - {{[[POMO]]}}

	 - [[What's on my mind today?]]
		 - What is on my mind today? Why didn't my alarms go off in the morning? The watch alarm is simple, because I didn't unlock it. Maybe I should remove lock on the home apple watch? Yes, it's a bit insecure, but actually I want to reset the watch first to see if I can resolve some bugs. That's a good first step. Well, this other thing is not a bug, it's just the way it works. And what about the iPad. OK. IiPad I just figured out. It was a ringer / alerts issue. I think that's now fixed and we should not face this problem anymore!

		 - {DONE}} Remove lock on AW1 - reset watch first - consider upgrade to AW3 #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects 

		 - Is the watch even useful for sleep tracking? I'm not sure. I'm not really looking at any data at the moment. Perhaps it is. Should I upgrade my secondary apple watch? That seems a bit much, lol! Maybe what if I buy like an old AW3 for example? I think those things are like 150 bucks or something. In any case, I should probably wait until the fall to see what the new lineup looks like. 

		 - What about the iPhone? I think I should upgrade to the new iPhone 12. Why? Because of the 3 year timeline. Yes, it's been three years since my last phone, which was the most freaking awesome phone I've ever had, and one of the most joyful purchases ever in how much joy it's brought me. Wow! So it's coming up on three years now. Do I have any real issues with it? Not really. What's the not really part? Anything minor? The most minor of issues is just that sometimes the audio playback button doesn't sync - so when I press play on my airpods or other bluetooth headset it doesn't trigger play on the actual app I'm using like Libby or Overcast. That's probably not even a hardware issue. Anyway, question is whether I should upgrade this year, and I think the answer is maybe yes? Because I had the 3 year policy? Camera is one other reason to upgrade. I think it's likely that the new camera will be significantly better than the X camera, because it represents 2-3 years worth of upgrades. Anyway, my tentative posture can be that I should upgrade unless the announcement is totally underwhelming. I think that's decent. What about the firm provided phone issue? Should I even ask Saurabh about it? I'm not sure. What's at stake here? $1000. I know. That's not a super meaningful number for me. But in that case it's probably an even less meaningful number for the firm.

		 - Ask Rick W about firm provided iPhone

		 - The other issue on iPhone was around whether I need to get on the iPhone upgrade program. The one where I pay monthly and can get a new phone every year. I think last time I looked at it the main positive was that it's an automatic resale of the phone, but the downside is that it forces you to buy apple care plus which is built into the price, which may not be so worth it. Hmmm... I need to calculate exactly how this works. Not making sense to me.

		 - DONE Make top down financial plan with Rukma #Projects #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc

		 - We need to do top down financial planning where we have certain savings targets. That's what YNABbers are typically doing. Try to hit a high savings target for a bit and see how that feels. Alright, that should be fine.

		 - DONE Create off-budget CC accounts #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - PRDs - Trust + 1 more

		 - PD framework refinement

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		 - Did the PRDs, but didn't do the PD framework! :(

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - 5pm: bbq chicken snack

		 - 6pm: salad + meat + beans + apple + sweet yogurt

		 - 9pm: apple + sweet yogurt + jam

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Team meeting with [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - Anshuman and Ashok presented the DSW strategy deck. Meera wants us to use it as an example of a crisp executive update.

- [[PRD]] for QS Trust draft
	 - About

	 - Press release
		 - The new AEP Intelligence SKU unleashes the full power of Query Service's data exploration and data preparation capabilities with fully integrated trust, privacy, and governance. AEP customers are increasingly relying on Query Service for their data exploration and data preparation needs when they need to prepare data for Adobe destinations (such as CJA, DSW, and Enterprise Dashboards) as well as their own enterprise destinations (Cloud data lakes, data warehouses, etc.). Customers now don't have to worry about trust, privacy, and governance, and they can rest assured that Query Service will seamlessly propagate all of these policies.

	 - What problem does this feature solve?
		 - AEP customers use Query Service to explore data and to prepare data for Adobe destinations (such as CJA, DSW, and Enterprise Dashboards) as well as their own enterprise destinations (Cloud data lakes, data warehouses, etc.).

		 - As customers use Query Service to explore and prepare data, we need to ensure that data usage labels, data usage policies, privacy policies, etc. are seamlessly integrated into the workflow. 

		 - <<Diagram>>

	 - Personas and user stories
		 - Stories
			 - Usage label propagation for derived datasets: given a source dataset with usage labels, when a derived dataset is created from this source, then the source usage labels should be automatically propagated to the destination dataset. 

			 - Usage label propagation for data views: given a source dataset with usage labels, when a data view is created from this source, then the source usage labels should be automatically propagated to the data view.

			 - User control of label propagation policies: given a source dataset with usage labels, when a user defines transformations on the dataset, then the user should be able to decide if the usage label needs to be propagated. (E.g. when transforming "Email address = xyz@gmail.com" in the source dataset to "Domain = gmail" in the destination dataset).

			 - RBAC for queries: as a business analyst, when I run a query on a dataset, I should only see the resulting rows and columns that I have access to.

		 - Personas
			 - The primary users of Query Service are (1) data engineers doing data preparation, and (2) business analysts / marketers querying datasets. However, the persona that is responsible for ensuring trust is the data steward persona.

			 - Data steward

			 - Data engineer

			 - Business analyst / marketer

	 - Release criteria
		 - V1 (MVP): What we want to ship in 2020-H1
			 - Usage label propagation for derived datasets

			 - Usage label propagation for data views

		 - V2+: Future improvements
			 - User control of label propagation policies

			 - RBAC for queries

	 - Timeline and stakeholder review process

	 - References and links

	 - 

- CJA - QS customer outreach email
	 - Hi <<NAME>>,

Thank you for being an avid user of Adobe Analytics! :) 

I'm a product manager at Adobe, and I'm building tools to help customers with data exploration and data preparation for Adobe Analytics data. In this context, I'm writing to request 30 minutes on your calendar to better understand your workflows around data exploration and preparation. Here are some possible time slots:

<<TIME SLOTS>>

In case you're not the right person for this request, could you please redirect me to the right person? Please do let me know if possible, and thanks very much in advance for your time!

Best,
Nikhil

- DONE Add freewrite topics list #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]
	 - Life design exercises

	 - Baig exercises

	 - List of philosophy questions

- [[Freewrite]] on [[Therapy]] issues {{word-count}}
	 - {{[[POMO]]}} 

	 - What am I dealing with at therapy right now? For the last couple of sessions, we seem to have gone back to the topic of what I want out of life and thinking about the conflict between my higher self and my lower self. 

	 - OK. I need to keep writing. This is freewriting. Forgot. One thing that annoyed me in the last session with Jurgen, and also something that has come up before, is that he keeps pushing this narrative of "strive for greatness", which is a weird thing to do, and I definitely want to point out to him that this is just a manifestation of super-ego talk. This is very confusing to me why my therapist would introduce a certain goal for me? That's something to mention to Jurgen.

	 - Then what? What about the actual issue itself? We're talking about my having high standards on the one hand, vs. my constant rebellion against those standards. Not constant, but frequent and it comes up from time to time in unpleasant manifestations. What is the cause of this unhappiness? Isn't it the standards themselves? It can't be as one sided as that. There must be some middle ground here. On the one hand there are some standards I have for what I want out of life, and my current life is not meeting up to those standards. The way to rectify that is twofold. One approach is to lower the standards. The other approach is to change my actual lifestyle to meet those standards. I think the answer needs to be a combination of both approaches.

	 - So how can I lower my standards to bring them down to a more reasonable level? Or rather, I may view it as a softening rather than a lowering. In that I should be a little less strict in the application of these standards. For example, I might have a standard or goal that I need to meditate every day. Softening would be to accept that most weeks I will only manage 5 or 6 days of meditation per week and be happy with that, or not beat myself up over it. Well, what would lowering be? Maybe something similar. But lowering in my view would be to remove meditation as a goal. Softening is more about tolerating slip-ups. OK, this is more about low level stuff, but what about the high level stuff? I have a striving to achieve something great, to be recognized as a great person, I have ambition to achieve something great with my life. Does that need to be softened or lowered? What does either of those mean? Lowering means to not have this as a goal. Rather, to set some intermediary or lower goal. What would that be? For example, it could just mean that I strive to have healthy relationships with my partner and with my family, I am satisfied with having a decent job, making decent money, having interesting hobbies that I pursue outside work, reading and learning new things, and so on. Maybe I could have a goal to have some creative expression in life, that would also be a good thing. But these are just piecemeal small things that I'm striving for. It's not an overarching goal to achieve somethign GREAT. Rather, it's just a goal to do several nice things in life. Softening would mean something different in this context. Once the goal is set, then I can tolerate some slip-ups. But first there needs to be some clarity on what the goal actually is. 

	 - Even at work I'm wavering between commitment to do something great on the one hand, and just getting by on the other hand. Commitment to climb up the ladder. Do I want this? Maybe. Maybe not. Is that the game I want to play? Or rather I want to invent my own game and play that game well. That's the alternative that I think is the most healthy one. Invent my own game, set my own goals that are more reasonable, and do well at those. What would such goals be? For example, just start writing a blog for creative output; start building some small applications for creative output. But they can't involve making tons of money. It could be that I consider some lifestyle alteration.

	 - Aside on the lifestyle alteration: if I switch from working for Adobe to working on a lifestyle business (a la ZTL), that's quite orthogonal to the questions I'm asking here. That's just a way of getting more flexibility out of work. Assume the money I make would be roughly the same as the money I make with Adobe, and assume that the recognition I get would be roughly the same (or it might even be slightly less), but I'm just making a trade-off for greater flexibility. It I want it to be something fundamentally greater - like if I want to start making millions of dollars, then that's where I'm striving for greatness again, and that's a different pursuit. As a side note, I should work on those free range human exercises and things as well.

	 - DONE Free range human back to reading list, and add to exercise list for freewriting #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - That's pretty much the status quo approach of what I'm doing already. But will I keep striving for greatness and for more? Suppose I achieve this transformation. I stop doing my job, I do some free range stuff that I find slightly more fulfilling - just ever so slightly - than my current work, and is more flexible, leaving me free time to pursue hobbies, interests, passions, etc. I wuld likely STILL have this problem of striving for greatness. I would think that whatever I'm doing is not enough. This is a good realization for me. The striving for greatness vs. satisfaction with simplicity question is one that is quite orthogonal to my job vs. free range question. The latter is a healthy pursuit that I want to engage in. How can I do things that I intrinsically find more meaningful and in line with my values? The former is not a question that I really want to engage in. Or is it?

	 - What would it mean to achieve greatness? Become the CEO of a company. Or maybe at least a very senior level executive like a VP. Would that be satisfying? Or start my own company that is valued at several million dollars. Would that be satisfying? What's the end there? Isn't that just another step on a treadmill? Another direction is to become a researcher with some respected publications. Would that be satisfying? Wouldn't I just strive for more then? I really can't imagine this striving for greatness getting better by engaging in the striving. It just seems like the hedonic treadmill, and the way to get out of it seems to me that I have to stop playing this game altogether. Or maybe not altogether, but give that up as a motivation for doing things in life. Find other things to pursue. I think I'm already doing that for the most part, but just sometimes I'm plagued by this sense of strving.

	 - Now coming back to the issue of work vs. play; how is this impacting me when I decdide on a Saturday and Sunday that I need to work instead of play. If I want to be great, then I need to work hard right. But I want to be happy. Wellbeing is what I want. Really? Why not meaning? Well, out of the options that I've evaluated, this seems the most meaningful to me so far. Need to think more about work vs. play and how that comes in.

- [[PRD]] for Query Egress
	 - {DONE}} Share PRD draft with anurag, keshav [[August 10th, 2020]]  [[QS-Batch]] #Projects

	 - About

	 - Imaginary press release
		 - TBD

	 - What problem does this feature solve?
		 - AEP customers want to ensure that their customer data in AEP is in sync with their customer data on their enterprise data lake or data warehouses. (For example, if the AEP profile and identity service has identified two IDs as belonging to the same customer profile, this information needs to be synced with the enterprise data lake).

	 - User personas
		 - Data engineer

		 - Data steward

	 - User stories
		 - V1
			 - Dataset egress to public cloud destinations: given an existing AEP dataset, users can export that dataset to ADLS, Azure Blob, Amazon S3, etc.

			 - CTAS egress to public cloud destinations (one-off): given a CTAS query, users can choose to export the output of the query to public cloud destinations.

			 - CTAS egress to public cloud destinations (scheduled): given a scheduled CTAS query, users can choose to export the output of the query to public cloud destinations on a regular / scheduled basis (e.g. daily). 

		 - V2+
			 - Event triggered egress: egress can be triggered by events (e.g. new rows added to dataset) rather than time based schedule trigger.

			 - Streaming egress: ability to stream data to enterprise destinations rather than batch egress.

			 - Egress of non-CTAS queries: export results of ad-hoc queries to public cloud destinations.

	 - Release criteria

	 - Dependencies
		 - Query service team: ?

		 - Orchestration team: ?

		 - Enterprise connectors team: ?

	 - Timeline and stakeholder review process

- QS collateral discussion with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - {DONE}} Validate cost model with Anil and Andrew #Projects #QS-CG

	 - DONE Reach out to Raj Sen and Akin for CJA

	 - Agenda
		 - What does meera want in this deck?

		 - Outline of Query for CJA collateral 

		 - CJA customer outreach

- QS collateral discussion with [[Akin Ajayi]]
	 - Meera PMM Tracker review
		 - PMM prioiritizing top 3 things for August - Customer presentation, 1 pager

	 - NM OKR collateral
		 - FAQ - collaborate

		 - UI walkthrough - PM

		 - Demo - PM

	 - {DONE}} Rationalize PMM collateral tracker with OKRs #[[Projects]]-QS-Collateral #Projects

	 - DONE Akin to share customer presentations

	 - Agenda
		 - What's the org structure? Anne, etc?

		 - Where can I find customer presentations for CJA and QS?

- [[MCIT-593]] Module 14: Dynamic Memory Continued
id:: 6b2ffd8d-e140-405a-b709-81bfa8b8b7a0
	 - Hash tables - getting started
		 - Arrays and linked lists have limitations, but hash table combines the best of both worlds - addressability and dynamic memory. 

		 - Buckets: rather than one long linked list, we break up into buckets. 

		 - Hashing algorithm sorts list elements into buckets.

		 - Hash table is an array of pointers to each bucket (each linked list)

	 - Hash tables - implementation
		 - Adding elements: first figure out which bucket the element goes into, then just use the linked list's add_element function.

		 - As usual, helper functions to create table, hash function, add_node, etc.

	 - Function pointers 
		 - Pointers to function allows you to pass a function as an argument to another function.

		 - Pointers to functions can also be part of a struct, in which case it would be a class. This is the basis of object-oriented programming.

- Reading [[How to take smart notes]]

- 
