- Working on qs proficiency deck
	 - "We take data out of Adobe to connect it with other tools and data we use" - Customer Quote, Senior Director Digital Analytics

- CJA meeting with [[Trevor Paulsen]], [[Chris Luby]], [[Brandon George]]
	 - Add ADFs to Jira

	 - Set up recurring meetings for this group

	 - Trevor to add everyone to the CJA project, and Luby / Brandon will start working on it.

- Marriage plan
	 - Notary
		 - Bring the form with ID

		 - 9:30 - 5:30pm Mon - Thurs

		 - Away 1-2

		 - $5 

	 - Ceremony [[Wedding Part 1]]
		 - JUDGE DONNA TUCKER 206-477-0457 

		 - JUDGE MICHELLE GEHLSEN 206-263-5815 

		 - JUDGE KEVIN PECK 206-263-1182
			 - Get the license

			 - WA state; marriage certificate; 

			 - Person A, Person B: Fill out the squares in Black Ink; 

			 - Bring the whole packet

			 - Only 2 witnesses in front of the courthouse; Other individual can be there but have to be socially distanced; Bring picture IDs.

			 - Charges: $300 / cash (weekdays is $200)

			 - Cell phone: 206-612-7812

			 - Details
				 - Oct 24, Saturday

				 - 5pm - 5:30pm

				 - If it's raining there's a cover; we can go in if the weather is really bad

				 - 8601 160TH AVENUE NE, REDMOND

				 - Exchange rings? Let him know.

			 - Change message
				 - Hi Judge Peck. This is Nikhil Maddirala. We spoke on September 16th and made an appointment for a marriage ceremony at the Redmond courthouse on October 24th at 5pm. I was wondering if it would be possible to reschedule to October 23rd at 5pm? Please do let me know if possible. Thank you!

			 - Vows message
				 - Sorry, what I mean is that my fiancee and I would like to each prepare our own personalized vows, and we would like to read those vows out loud to each other at the ceremony. Would that be OK?

		 - JUDGE MARCUS NAYLOR 206-477-9124

	 - DONE Immigration attorney call #[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil #Projects [[Marriage green card application]] [[Wedding Part 1]]
		 - Relocation
			 - Update home addresss. Use the June date. Nobody cares. Tell DSO. Employer allowed WFH.

			 - Marriage green card will ask me to list all my addresses for past 5 years.

		 - Marriage
			 - Similar service called Legal Cats.

			 - Low customer service.

			 - What service after application? 

			 - Katya's firm charges $2500; includes whole package + support, etc. + Katya's appearance for the interview (maybe Boundless does not provide service). i-law cloud based case management software. Refund of $400 if interview not needed.

			 - Attorney not necessary at

		 - Processing time
			 - I-130 approed in 1 year

			 - I-485 interview in 1.5 year

			 - EAD in 6-7 months

			 - Time measured from submission time

		 - Background
			 - I'm an executive MBA student working full-time on F1-CPT.

			 - I'm based in CA, but I've temporarily relocated to WA from July 2020 - July 2021, and I'm living with my fiancee. I have notified my employer about my relocation, but I have not notified my school or USCIS.

			 - My fiancee is a US citizen, and we are getting married on October 24. We will apply for a marriage green card soon after that.

		 - Questions
			 - F1
				 - Do I need to notify my school and USCIS about my change of address? I changed address in June, but I still haven't notified - is this a problem?

			 - Marriage
				 - When applying for a marriage green card, anything I should know? Any complications to be aware of?

				 - Do you offer this service? How much would you charge?

- [[Product Management Mentorship]] call with [[Adithya Antony]]
	 - Friend of Pooja's friend Archu

	 - Focus on energy background and ML; Atmosphere and energy; bachelor in Chemical engineering

- SQL Data Prep Sync: Keshav / Nikhil with [[Keshav Vadrevu]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Saurabh: Get API for orchestrating prep jobs.

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Feedback on Deck
		 - 11 and 12 - consistent

	 - Agenda
		 - Scheduler UI

		 - COGS model

		 - CJA traction

- QS UI meeting with [[Ryan Wilkes]], [[JC]], and [[Matt Colon]]
	 - Matt Colon and team is taking over QS

	 - Matt to assign Jhanavi to work on this.

	 - NM to set up meet with Matt, Jhanavi, JC

	 - Meet with Matt and Doug on QS UI backlog
