- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - Quick journal today. I'm back at my old desk. It's too high I now realize. Or maybe my chair is too low? But I'm unable to lower the chair anymore, so this is the most reasonable height at which I can use it. Perhaps I no longer need the riser at this height? Yes, I should think about that one. But I think it's still ok for now.

		 - I can journal about some of the silly decisions that I need to be making. Like should I take Horace with me or not? What are the pros? I will enjoy cleaner floors. We do produce a lot of dirt at home. A lot of hair too. Especially Rukma sheds a lot of hair. So perhaps it's a good thing for us to have that cleaned up regularly. The other alternative is for us to regularly vacuum, which we really won't like doing. So I think it might make quite some sense to take Horace with us, no? What's the downside? Well, it takes up extra room in our luggage, and it ties us down more. What's the tying down part? I felt that way about the spices too... the feeling is that somehow we are more constrained by having non-disposable stuff. I'm thinking of the oils, food, etc. all as disposable, that we can get rid of it all and still be fine. But that's not entirely the case. Maybe I need to treat that also as a category of thing that I keep carrying with me. No less than other stuff. And think of it as constant. The stuff that we carry. Getting rid of some things can make room for some other things... but everything will roughly stay the same. And at the end of the day even if we decide to downsize... what's the worst that can happen? We might just have to buy a bunch of new stuff, but it's really not the worst thing that can happen.

		 - These headphones are really nice. I'm liking the idea of having over ear headphones for working from home rather than the in ear airpods pro. I mean, those were fine too, but these seem really nice too and more comfortable. Also, what about going back to the office? I'm not looking forward to going back to the office. Should be more motivation for me to apply to FB and G. Well, primarily FB. I want to prepare for that first and make sure that I crush the interviews. Why can't I get a job at FB? I'm sure I can. Just need to be prepared for it. Over the next few weeks I do my preparation. Mid Jan I'm going to have interviews starting.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- GTD
	 - DONE PTO Calendar update #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2020-W51 [[December 17th, 2020]]

- Meera review
	 - DONE Add JIRA

	 - Schedule pre-reads

	 - Share with solution architects - Steven's team

- CA Pre-Read with [[Jim Rivera]]
	 - Enterprise sync: many customers will be satisfied by server side forwarding, if they need only "raw data"

	 - DONE Jim feedback: Context: Highlight differences with other initiatives #[[QS-UPS]] #2021-W2
		 - Keshav's data prep proposal

		 - Server side forwarding (event level export)

- [[Best Buy]] - data access use case discussion with [[Nick Hecht]], [[Jacob Winter]]
	 - Use case
		 - They want to egress all clickstream data to GCP, then enrich it over there.

		 - Using data feeds to egress to Hadoop - but now want to move to their centralized GCP.

		 - Little bit of processing needed - marketing channels

	 - Current solutions and limitations: Server-side forwarding
		 - We need data from ADC. This is not routing through edge network. In future.

	 - Current solutions and limitations: Query service
		 - Unable to get data out of platform.

		 - Data Access API is there, but lack of metadata and user friendliness makes it very difficult to use.

		 - Miao workaround: User needs to download the files 1 by 1.

- Query Service: Portfolio Brown Bag with [[Hal Freedman]]

- 1:1 Saurabh / Nikhil with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]

- AEP Intelligence - Announcement Review with [[Akin Ajayi]], [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - Usage
		 - # Customers / partners: 30+

		 - TB read per month: 2028

		 - TB written per month: 1444

		 - Int Queries per month: 102,463

		 - Batch queries per month: 583
