- [[RoamMonkey]]
	 - Tutorial video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojwIIzRC8oU&feature=youtu.be

	 - To use RoamMonkey in your roam DB, copy the following two blocks to your roam database.

	 - {{[[roam/js]]}}
		 - 
```javascript
var old = document.getElementById("myCustomJavascript") 
console.log(old)
if(old){ old.remove()}
var s = document.createElement('script')
    s.type = "text/javascript"
    s.src = "https://roammonkey.glitch.me/_loadMonkey.js"
    s.id  = "myCustomJavascript"
    s.async = true
document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0].appendChild(s)
```

- AEP Intelligence PM-PMM Bi-Weekly Touch base with [[Akin Ajayi]], [[Meera Srinivasan]], etc.
	 - New GTM model needs to be approved and finalized before we can build some of the collateral

- DONE Ask Jurgen office to clarify billing claim

- [[Palm Jaggery]]
	 - What is Palm Jaggery?
id:: 443ce575-5fa4-4d5a-a8f7-c020132b8e3d
		 - There are two types of jaggery: sugarcane and palm. Palm has two sub-varieties: coconut palm and date palm, which corresponds to two different varieties of palm. 

		 - This is the same tree from which kallu / toddy / neera is extracted. 

	 - Where did I try it? 
id:: b1f8b068-6274-42dd-88c9-6590a13ce75b
		 - Type of jaggery which I really enjoyed with Meera attha in Hyderabad. In Bangla it's called Nolen Gur. A key ingredient of payesh. OK.
id:: c8d2c987-92c9-47bc-9092-4c30aee72a91

		 - Can't remember when / where I tried it.

	 - Buy in US
		 - https://www.pushmycart.com/palm-jaggery-thati-bellam.html

- TODO Ramachandra Guha books #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

- DONE Google keep capture
	 - DONE Ask Meera attha for jaggery palm

	 - DONE Stridex case #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - {DONE}} Get entire tech antitrust hearing to podcast #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects

	 - {DONE}} Nest hub #[[Projects]]-Shopping #Projects

	 - {DONE}} Power strip with long cord for TV #[[Projects]]-Shopping #Projects

	 - DONE Aditya ganti

	 - {DONE}} Change calendly link name #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects

	 - Archive Google photos

	 - {DONE}} Tuesday 5-6 Chrissy [[August 11th, 2020]] #Projects #[[Projects]]-MCIT

	 - {DONE}} Phone wallet case #[[Projects]]-Shopping #Projects

	 - {DONE}} Allergy medicine #[[Projects]]-Shopping #Projects

- Reading more about [[Evergreen notes]]
	 - This is an alternative to Zettelkasten.

	 - [Similarities and differences between evergreen note-writing and Zettelkasten](https://notes.andymatuschak.org/z4AX7pHAu5uUfmrq4K4zig9x8jmmF62XgaMXm)

	 - 

- [[QS-UI]] meeting with [[JC]]
	 - Time selector issue is with underlying UI component - not specifically QS Scheduler issue.

	 - Delete schedule vs. edit schedule
		 - If "delete schedule" can delete any running jobs (not sure), then delete is better. If not possible, then edit option is better.

	 - Scheduled queries should show as such in UI
		 - If you want it to be a column in the UI, we need to run an additional query. This will cause performance issues.

		 - We already have this info in the sidebar for any query.

	 - Grooming meetings are where sizing happens.

	 - Agenda
		 - UI tickets vs. API tickets

- [[QS-CJA]] meeting with [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - Customer outreach
		 - Outreach email
			 - Be specific: How your org uses SQL queries

		 - Questions for discussion
			 - You take Analytics Data - then where does it go?

			 - You are using Big Query - what are the use cases

			 - What are your pain points with Big Query.

	 - Hypothesis
		 - Customers need to combine web data with other channels. They take AA data, put it into Big Query, and then do the identity stitching.

	 - 8 CJA customers right now.

	 - Collateral
		 - We want to include QS in the CJA collateral. We don't want to make separate collateral for this.

	 - Two different field orgs: one targeting Analytics audience (Jeff Allen), and one targeting AEP audience (Ronell). 

	 - Agenda
		 - Collateral outline

- 1:1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - {DONE}} Sync OKRs / collateral requiremetns with Raj and Akin  #[[Projects]]-QS-Collateral #Projects

	 - Meet with Raj to review query matrix
		 - 

	 - DONE Anurag to clarify query matrix

	 - DONE Learn about existing SKUs and what's available

	 - Focus on scheduled queries shipping - Nov; focus on CJA engagements.

- Cost model with [[Anil Malkani]]
	 - How to implement COGS cap?
		 - We need to break-down cost by org; batch jobs are single-tenant; adhoc jobs are single-tenant.

		 - Dave Sliwa and Paul Mackles are developing a solution to track usage at the AEP level.

		 - Alternative: we can lazily track what was spent by a user. Query history and Grafana logs how much data was used by batch by org; convert to single node log.

	 - QS Dashboard on Grafana
		 - COGS dashboard
			 - Query counts by type and break down by org

			 - {DONE}} Anil walkthrough on QS cost model #QS-CG #Projects #Waiting

			 - Interactive host counts = how many clusters active at a given time

	 - CosmosDB
		 - Can get read access, but don't do a heavy export

		 - CosmosDB data is needed to know what queries were run, but not needed to know how many queries, time, etc.

		 - {DONE}} Get CosmosDB access via LDAP - ask Jeremy Pace #QS-CG #Projects #2020-W36 #Waiting [[September 1st, 2020]]

		 - Anil's slack link (https://aepviewerui.stage.cloud.adobe.io/subscriptions) shows all CosmosDB instances

	 - Agenda
		 - Grafana / Comsos validation

- DONE Share tayl podcast with Rukma #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects

- [[Adobe EAP]]
	 - Legal and financial services
		 - Aetna has their own legal and financial services

		 - 9am - 5pm: just call in this number

		 - First 30 mins free; 25% discount after 

	 - Couples counseling
		 - Arcadian Televideo; they can automatically schedule for me, but I can't choose counselor

	 - Individual therapy - non eap - insurance questions
		 - Adobe waived payments until September end. After that I will have to pay for sessions until I hit my deductible.

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Make a list of what I need to achieve.

	 - I'm focusing a lot on complaining about myself, but I'm focused more on the complaint.

	 - Subconsciously I want to please my parents and others by being a high achiever

	 - Got attached to this narrative I formed as a young person that "Nikhil is a very smart guy and he'll do great things in life".

	 - Emotionally, this leads to frustration and being upset with myself.

	 - Maybe a mood disorder; close to depression. Episodically I've displayed depressive tendencies.

	 - Try talking to my parents about it — to what degree do you understand this?

	 - Practice more gratitude and self love. 

	 - How did I lose my organic ways of being motivated to do things?

	 - How to step out of my system of doing everything goal oreinted achivement?

	 - Agenda
		 - Why strive for greatness? Isn't that the unhealthy part of me?
