- Note to Meera / Saurabh
	 - Hi Meera, Saurabh — There was a police shooting incident in my apartment building last night involving my neighbor next door. I (and my fiancee) are safe and sound, but quite shaken up because the incident took place in our hallway right outside our door. We have been temporarily moved to a hotel while the police complete their investigation and the building cleans up and repairs the damage from the incident. I will be on PTO today and tomorrow to take rest and will keep you updated in case the situation changes. Thank you for your understanding.

- Note to MCIT
	 - Hi — There was a police shooting incident in my apartment building last night involving my neighbor next door. I (and my fiancee) are safe and sound, but quite shaken up because the incident took place in our hallway right outside our door. We have been temporarily moved to a hotel while the police complete their investigation and the building cleans up and repairs the damage from the incident. I am requesting a one week extension 

	 - I will be on PTO today and tomorrow to take rest and will keep you updated in case the situation changes. Thank you for your understanding.

- DONE David Lloyd

- Booking extension
	 - Confirmation: 812-489-47

	 - Extended by one day.

	 - cancel: 58751053

- DONE Modera emails not coming through - ask Paul #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Processing the police shooting incident.  Part of me wants to move on (intellectually) and part of me (emotionally) is still stuck.

	 - Suggestion: go back to apartment for a limited time before deciding. Try to talk to others about it (later). Tell stories with others to process (like at a wake).

	 - DONE Aside: share goals and maslow evaluation with Jurgen #[[Projects]]-Personal-Goals #Projects

	 - Lacking a sense of community in life. What plans for the future?
