- GTD
	 - DONE Airbnb review
		 - 5 stars! Not only is the property amazing, but the host is the kindest and most generous host I've ever met on AirBnB. Anything we asked for, the host went out of his way to make arrangements for us. We asked for a baking tray for Thanksgiving cooking, and the host bought us a brand new one. One day I complained that the coffee machine wasn't working, and the host had it replaced within 30 minutes. Highly recommended property and host!

	 - DONE Piyush splitwise #[[Projects]]-Personal-Finance #Projects #2020-W49

	 - DONE Clean iPhone charging port

	 - DONE Electrolyte drips

	 - DONE WhatsApp group delete

	 - DONE Haze in the hood - really good hazy. Strong.

	 - DONE Go pro accessories
		 - https://www.amazon.com/Neewer-Accessory-Session-VicTsing-Lightdow/dp/B01171X0UW

	 - DONE Green card status update and address change #[[Projects]]-Personal-Immigration #Projects #2020-W49

- QS Documentation meeting with [[Caleb]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Scheduler

		 - Performance / iceberg

		 - Data views

	 - DONE Performance documentation JIRA Send wiki and blog to Caleb

	 - DONE Consolidate ADFs into one section (Chris Luby) 

	 - DONE SparkSQL - just provide a list; don't copy paste

	 - DONE SQL syntax - clean up table of contents on right nav bar

	 - DONE JIRA: Update quickstart guide

	 - DONE JIRA: Regrouping the SQL ref / Creating queries section

- Summit touch base with [[Rohan Kapoor]]
	 - Two clients are: JPMC and Kaiser Permanente

- Quick sync - Shared Device PPC - EQS Support

- SQL Analytics /Lakehouse Overview w/ Adobe with [[Databricks]], [[Ronak Shah]]
	 - Query management and prioritization is not part of their offering - they are focusing instead on making compute more efficient.

	 - Two key areas for collaboration coming out of this meeting:
		 - SQL Analytics could be integrated into Query Service for a POC on performance improvements.

		 - Delta optimizer for Data Prep - currently in POC with Wang Miao team (CDC POC + Delta POC).

		 - Nikhil's feature request: Can we predict query time and data scanned before running the query? We have to run a query plan first and then estimate.

- U-haul u-box for [[Moving to SoCal]]
	 - Sizes
		 - Ubox dims

		 - Moving boxes

		 - IKEA

		 - Car
			 - 60 x 40 x 30 (height drops from 30 to 28 at the very back)

	 - Value
		 - Ikea shelf: 150

		 - Nightstands: 80

		 - Bed frame + mattress: 400

		 - Standing desks: 650

		 - Bar stools: 100
