- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Hello world! Tuesday of my final moving week now. Three days left of work. And then we start our vacation. Coming up in three days. There's just a whole lot of packing to do. This is causing me some amount of trouble. I think it's because I have to make so many decisions and trade-offs every time I touch an object for packing. Do I need it at all? Is it worth storing? Do I need it in the next few months? Moving and packing will always involve trade-offs. That's the inherent nature of this activity. Unless I do a full service move from one location to another. But that's not really an option in this case. And it is a good opportunity to prune and to cull. But a lot of the stuff is stuff I don't really want to cull, but I'm kind of forced to, because I can't reasonably keep it or store it for that long (e.g. spices). But that's just one small category of thing... is it so important? Perhaps not. 

		 - Why is it that I want to hold on to so many things in this moving process? As far as my clothing is concerned I'm very spartan, and I want there to be only a minimal number of articles to serve several purposes. But when it comes to closet and kitchen items, I somehow want to hold on to every last thing. For example, I'm trying to bring some spoons and bowls with me on this trip. Why do I feel the need to do that? I think I've gotten used to a certain lifestyle enabled by having an abundance of spoons, and I'm reluctant to give that up. OK, that might explain the spoons, but what about the spare bedsheets? That's not even something I use in my day to day life... how do I explain that? What is it that makes me want to keep the bedsheet? I'm imagining some future scenario in which I may want to use that bedsheet, and just keeping it for that possibility. But this is totally unnecessary. What's the worst case of not having it? I'll have to re-buy something like that. Maybe it costs about 10 dollars. Is that really worth it? Probably not? But on the other hand what's the cost of keeping it? Seems quite low for now given the abundance of space that we currently have. I guess that's why I'm currently reluctant to give things up. But why not apply a Marie Kondo type philosophy? Don't just ask is there space for it, but rather ask does it bring joy to my life? Is it serving a purpose well? If that answer is no, then maybe it's not something that we need to be keeping? It may be time to say goodbye to some of these things? That may very well be the case. 

		 - I need to start dismantling the furniture soon. Ideally today evening I should do the desks. And then tomorrow or Thursday I can do the bed. But there's no place for all that stuff to go... hmmm.... need to figure how to deal with that. OK. Will do.

		 - 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- GTD
	 - DONE Akin newsletter inputs
		 - https://adobe.sharepoint.com/:w:/s/CG-AEPDataAnalyticServices/ERRNUJBl-KZOhPAv2TU30SABnZNVKt11iYWVgUQqILBuoA?e=jSYzqn

		 - Features
			 - Scheduler UI (coming soon)

			 - Improved error messages

			 - Session idle timeout - cogs improvement

		 - Collateral
			 - Wouter demo

			 - QS Customer Preso

			 - QS Technical Deep Dive

	 - DONE [[Ashok Pancily Poothiyot]] referral FB #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]] #2021-W3
		 - Role: https://www.facebook.com/careers/v2/jobs/880129115782867/

		 - "Why do you think your referral should be hired? (include anything you know about their skills, work experience, and past projects relevant to the position(s) they would be considered for. If applicable, include any time constraints this person is under)"

		 - Nikhil Maddirala was my teammate on the product management team for Adobe's Data Science Workspace from July 2019 to September 2020. During this time he led our cross-functional effort on data preparation. He successfully collaborated with several different teams and stakeholders (including data science, engineering, design, and GTM teams) to deliver features and to develop the product strategy and roadmap for data preparation. Nikhil is also passionate about ongoing learning: he has a multidisciplinary educational background, including an MBA from Yale, and he is currently pursuing a part time computer science masters at the University of Pennsylvania. I believe that his experiences and his passion for learning will make him a good fit for product management roles at Facebook.

		 - Submit referral info to FB directly

- [[QS-UPS]] meeting with [[Nils Engel]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Any identity stitching?

	 - [[Southwest airlines]] - DWB migration use case
		 - Use case
			 - Using DWB (but canceling soon)

			 - Cascading rules to select the primary ID (e.g. ECID prioritized over email etc.). Ultimately want to get to rapid rewards ID.

			 - Need to re-stitch data periodically.

			 - Need to do analysis at the rapid rewards ID. All in DWB.

			 - Didn't trust numbers in DWB. Want to move to public cloud solution.

			 - Nils wanted them to migrate to CJA, but they won't do that now.

			 - They want to build their own custom solution - but maybe they'll come back.

		 - Sources: 
			 - Analytics data (Adobe), and other third party data

		 - Needs
			 - May be interested in Identity Service, but they don't have money right now.

			 - Migrating DWB capabilities.

	 - Anyone who wants to join two fields
		 - Best Buy E.g. - web, call center, and POS data. CJA creates three product categories. Need to merge these into a single category. CJA doesn't support joining fields.

		 - QS is a work-around. Need to create a new dataset by combining all datasets.

- [[QS-UPS]] review with [[Sunish Verma]]
	 - Home Depot - Need to select Household as the ID; Stitching has a concept of timestamp

	 - Home depot needs custom identity stitching; 

	 - Datagroup requirements
		 - Is there a limit on number of datasets in group? Need a high limit.

		 - Incoming batches should be automatically ingested - daily or weekly refresh

	 - DULE
		 - Can we suppress attributes? 

		 - First we're supporting skybridge.

	 - Output format of ID map
		 - We need to be able to output multiple versions of the stitched ID. 

		 - Spend efficiency use case requires multiple IDs to be output.

	 - Enterprise sync use case
		 - Fire click-stream data into platform and 

		 - Latency - less than one day - might need real time or hourly.

	 - DONE Home Depot needs enterprise destinations - also Walmart

- DONE Deck feedback from [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - Dashboards use case - add more logos

	 - Destinations - plural

	 - Add more datasets to best buy

	 - Blend 43 and 46 - 
		 - 46 picutres - use the 43 red / grey black

	 - Customer names: 
