- Working on [[Marriage green card application]]
	 - DONE Fill forms for Sharmila #[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil #Projects #2020-W46 [[November 11th, 2020]]

- DONE Investment questions #[[Projects]]-Personal-Finance #Projects
	 - Betterment: What's a tax-coordinated account?

	 - Should I start a Roth IRA?

- E*TRADE call
	 - How to transfer?
		 - Two options: push (DTC) vs. pull (ACAT)

		 - Pull has transfer fee: $25 - 75

		 - Steps for Pull
			 - Capture cost basis information
				 - Account > Stock plan > holdings

				 - View by status > Download expanded (needed for filing taxes)

			 - Documetns > Forms and applications > transfers and distributions > more > Employee Stock Plan Outgoing Share Transfer > submit online

			 - Submit online.

		 - ACAT
			 - Move the shares from stock plan to individual

			 - Need to call up and request transfer.

- Call with [[Bernardo Espinosa]]
	 - PM on CloudTech PA; responsible for [[admin console]]

	 - Intern role was focus on SMB side of the business, now moved to Enterprise side of the business.

	 - He works on new UIs for admin console - role based vs. product profile based. This project got put on hold.

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - DONE Long term project: QS integration with DSW / notebooks; add this to demo how to run queries in Notebooks with SQL magic; browse datasets - data exploration 

	 - DONE Idea: Partner with DBVisualizer

	 - Agenda
		 - Demo - repeatable

- MBA Mentorship call with [[Arpit Singh]]
	 - IIT Bombay; Yale 1Y, then Tesla PM

- Call with Apple team
	 - Apple Marketing is very fragmented - each team buys on their own

	 - We are dealing with Apple marketing communications team

	 - They already buy Adobe Analytics, but we want to push them on Web SDK + CJA over the next year

	 - Apple WILL NOT purchase CDP or any product that creates profiles

	 - But Apple really wants Query Service on AA data. This helps the marketing team retain control over the data and how it's used.

	 - The Apple stakeholder (Bryan) wants to have a technical architecture deep dive rather than a demo.

- Query service / CJA use cases
	 - Get answers that you can't get on CJA (e.g. statistical queries - what's the standard deviation of the number of visitors for a page?)

	 - Debugging CJA reports (explore the raw data to see what's going wrong)

- Custom CSS and Javascript for Roam #13
	 - DONE [JavaScript for Roam (introduction)](https://medium.com/@catominor3/javascript-for-roam-introduction-f19f82ca297) [[Roam JavaScript and CSS]]

	 - Test Dates {{[[roam/js]]}}
		 - 
```javascript
var d = new Date();
var n = d.getDate();
var dateString = n.toString();
```

	 - 
