- [[Daily journal]]
	 - {{[[POMO]]}}

	 - [[What's on my mind today?]]
		 - One of the things I should write about every day is what I've read / learned listened to in the past day or so.

		 - Yesterday, I spent a bunch of time on the MCIT-593 M13 assignment. How do I feel about that? I enjoyed the feeling of solving the complex problem and getting it to work. The only minor hiccup is that it's not working perfectly and is giving some Valgrind memory errors. But in general do I want to invest time trying to perfect that? I'm not sure. I don't think perfecting C programming is a skill I need. But what about just perfecting things in general? I feel like I got to the same level even when doing CS50, and then I forgot it again, and now I got back up again, but where is this going? One difference is that I'm documenting things I'm learning a bit more, and also I'm building on them a bit more. OK, that's good. And what specifically did I learn from this assignment? I learned how to implement linked lists, and I learned the basics of how to implement a reverse assembler - although that latter part is quite simple. I learned how to deal with specific file formats and how to read and write bits. I learned how to work with bits and use conditionals on bits rather than on numbers or strings. That's quite good. Do I want to get deeper into C programming by, say, reading the C programming book? Or learning about compilers and things like that? Why not? As a learning exercise it would be useful. But I also need to think about what my goals are and where it's worth investing time now.

		 - Rakhi gift for sneha

		 - I could get back into the AI course and set aside C programming for the moment. But am I completely done with C? Maybe this last week spend a little time brushing up / cleaning up, while also thinking about next things I want to work on.

		 - What else yesterday? Then I lazed around for quite some time, didn't really do much. Ate some sourdough muffins - that's the most delicious type of bread I've ever eaten, oh my god!

		 - Then I watched [[Good Time]] by the Safdy brothers, based on the recommendation that it's similar to [[Uncut Gems]] which is also by them and both are also produced by A24. I quite enjoyed Good Time. I think I enjoyed Uncut Gems more. They both do a very good job of building up tension and holding that tension throughout the movie at a pretty high level. It's like in comedy how you keep up cringe levels throughout the show (think - Office), and the few episodes that keep it up at high levels throughout (like Jan's dinner party) are really good. This is the dramatic equivalent of that. Good Time was less "fun" than Uncut gems and it was darker and more serious. Whereas I could describe Uncut gems as a borderline black comedy, can't do that for Good Time. Also, Adam Sandler is such a loveable character and actor!

		 - Then later in the evening we watched [[Room]]. This was also a great movie. Another A24 film. Based on a novel that Rukma apparently really likes. It's the story of a 5+ year long hostage situation where a child is born into the hostage world and only knows the prison (called "room") as the only existence. Things outside the room to him are like outer space. I think it's quite an interesting analogy for real life situations like North Korea for example. I feel like escaping North Korea would be the equivalent of realizing that there's a world beyond Room. Also the challenges of reintegrating into "normal" life were well shown. While the kid had a much easier time adapting (because he was still "plastic" as they say in the film), the mother struggled with it much more, and her relationships were no longer the same.

		 - OK, running up against the time limit now. Maybe time to start thinking about what I want to do today. Just don't feel like putting in a normal day's work for some reason. What's important? I need to do that requirements documentation stuff. And start working on PRDs.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - Translating QS OKRs to JIRAs and todos!

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		 - Didn't accomplish. Had an off-day. Pushed to next day.

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - Ate junk food pretty's much throughout the day from 12pm - 9pm.

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- {DONE}} **Security Awareness Training**, Annual Conflict of Interest (COI) Questionnaire #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #Projects #2020-W35 [[August 27th, 2020]]
	 - Due: [[August 23rd, 2020]]

- [[Roam Research]]
	 - [[GTD]] implementation: Roambrain: https://www.roambrain.com/task-management/

	 - Information hub: https://www.roambrain.com/

- {DONE}} Google keep inbox
	 - DONE Apple TV #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - {DONE}} Extra comforter cover set. #[[Projects]]-Shopping #Projects
		 - [Amazon basics](https://smile.amazon.com/AmazonBasics-Microfiber-Duvet-Lightweight-Stripe/dp/B08356FQBS/ref=sr_1_1?dchild=1&keywords=duvet%2Bcover%2Bking%2Bpink&qid=1597357766&refinements=p_36%3A-3000&rnid=386465011&sr=8-1&th=1), $26.99

		 - [Bedsure](https://smile.amazon.com/Bedsure-Washed-Closure-Hypoallergenic-Comforter/dp/B085ZYD21F/ref=sxin_9?ascsubtag=amzn1.osa.33da842a-4874-4732-a204-9c7d2e455c0c.ATVPDKIKX0DER.en_US&creativeASIN=B085ZYD21F&cv_ct_cx=duvet%2Bcover%2Bking&cv_ct_id=amzn1.osa.33da842a-4874-4732-a204-9c7d2e455c0c.ATVPDKIKX0DER.en_US&cv_ct_pg=search&cv_ct_wn=osp-single-source&dchild=1&keywords=duvet%2Bcover%2Bking&linkCode=oas&pd_rd_i=B085ZYD21F&pd_rd_r=a6c08262-9811-475f-a25e-6b8ae72fdc7d&pd_rd_w=hIePD&pd_rd_wg=S9S8O&pf_rd_p=9e4ba918-f6ad-4007-841c-6563d381515f&pf_rd_r=TT6NBBNSZXPNGM9PD4MK&qid=1597357599&sr=1-3-72d6bf18-a4db-4490-a794-9cd9552ac58d&tag=momtastic-tca-20&th=1), $

		 - 

	 - {DONE}} Pillow cases. #[[Projects]]-Shopping #Projects

	 - Dead guy ale. Color of pale ale. Smells like pale ale, more malty. Tastes like pale ale / ESB with more emphasis on the caramel malt and less on hops. Like a better version of red hook ESB think. #Beer

	 - Review moderate utilities.

	 - {DONE}} https://www.amazon.com/Electric-Stand-Desk-Frame-Workstation/dp/B07LCPQS15 #[[Projects]]-Shopping #Projects

	 - Roam toolkit: https://github.com/roam-unofficial/roam-toolkit/pull/81 [[Roam Research]] Toolkit

	 - https://www.reddit.com/r/googlehome/comments/a9f9c1/no_way_to_disable_autoplay_for_youtube_videos/

	 - [If I like these films: Good Time, Uncut Gems, 1917, Whiplash (all really stressful movies that has your hart beating faster) which other films will I like? Film (self.ifyoulikeblank)](https://reddit.com/r/ifyoulikeblank/comments/h7swam/if_i_like_these_films_good_time_uncut_gems_1917/) #Movies

	 - [Keep being told to build projects, but don't know what to build? Here's some ideas ](https://reddit.com/r/learnprogramming/comments/i2c0ud/keep_being_told_to_build_projects_but_dont_know/) #[[Side project ideas]]

	 - Anda khagina #Recipe
		 - Onion 250g

		 - Tomato 6 steel tablespoon.

		 - GG paste 1 steel teaspoon

		 - Tsps

		 - Chili 0.5

		 - Coriander 1

		 - Garam 0.5

		 - Turmeric 0.25

		 - Cumin 1

		 - Ajuno 0.5

		 - Salt 1

		 - Cilantro 15g

		 - Method dry 1 tsp

- [[Shruti Rajagopalan]] of the [[Mercatus Center]] at [[George Mason University]]
	 - I read a really interesting [review of Indian Matchmaking](https://www.bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2020-08-02/netflix-s-indian-matchmaking-is-only-too-accurate) by her, and I started digging into more of her articles.

	 - Her homepage: https://www.mercatus.org/scholars/shruti-rajagopalan

	 - [Opinion | India ought to distinguish ‘good corruption’ from bad](https://www.livemint.com/opinion/columns/opinion-india-ought-to-distinguish-good-corruption-from-bad-11574703175532.html): She's making the classic economic point about "good corruption" that I remember learning about at Yale (State and Society). Her view is that while the Manmohan Singh government was too lenient on corruption (both good and bad), the Modi government is too strict on corruption (both good and bad). Whereas we need to allow for good corruption, until such time as the regulatory environment in India is more friendly towards businesses coming into the formal economy. 
		 - That reminds me, I remember Modi talked a lot about improving India's ranking in the ease of doing business report. Looks like India is ranked 63 in 2020. I wonder what the trend is? Hmm... looks like the trend has actually been improving over time. Since 2014 to 2020 India's scores have improved quite a bit. 

		 - I'm unable to see the rankings, but the raw scores have gone up quite a bit: https://www.doingbusiness.org/en/custom-query

- Wireless routers
	 - [OnHub Wireless Router from Google and TP-LINK, Color Blue](https://smile.amazon.com/Google-WiFi-Router-TP-Link-Managed/dp/B013ALA9LA/ref=sr_1_5?dchild=1&keywords=router+google&qid=1596480563&sr=8-5)

	 - Evolution: Onhub > Google Wifi > nest wifi

	 - So onhub may be a bit outdated now

- {DONE}} Fastai library Penn hackathon #[[Projects]]-MCIT #Projects #2020-W32

- Meeting with [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - Trevor to provide CJA access; best way is to give CJA to an AEP instance. Not much cost, and they don't do charebacks.

	 - Jeff Allen org in charge of Analytics PMM; Raj Sen and Nate Smith work on CJA PMM.

	 - Talk to Analytics customers (in addition to CJA customers) and ask them what they need data views for. Ask them what problem they are facing that will be solved by QS. E.g. Home Depot users are using GCP and BigQuery. Why do they need CJA / AEP?

	 - {DONE}} Get CJA customer leads from Trevor #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #Projects

	 - Make agenda for customer conversations
		 - Why are customers using GCP and other elements of the IT stack?

	 - Agenda
		 - Review wiki - 3 reqs; PRDs

- 1:1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - CJA customer meetings - all good. Make sure to document, etc.

	 - Scheduler UI - 
		 - Get the requirements minimum from Amy D. 

		 - Then get PRD for a better product.

	 - DONE Set up meeting tomorrow for Scheduler

- [[AEP Trust]] meeting with [[Shidhin]]
	 - About
		 - Jacob lords is the Eng lead for all Trust (also PALM / RBAC / access control etc.)

		 - Trust = Governance + Privacy + consent + security

		 - Shidhin owns Catalog and Governance (Governance = data classification + data usage policies + data lineage); Eng = Mubin and Randy

		 - Elizabeth owns Privacy 

	 - Product
		 - **Labels** are attached to datasets to certain fields

		 - **Policies** specifies what use cases are permissable based on labels (e.g. DII fields cannot be used for cross-site targeting)

		 - Currently policies are tied to marketing actions, but customers are asking for more (e.g. RBAC and masking sensitive data based on who is asking).

	 - {DONE}} Set up follow up meeting with Shidin

- [[QS-Batch]] Meeting with [[Amy D]]
	 - DONE Get access to Luma orgs

	 - Issues
		 - For new queries, status carrier over (status is getting inherited; likely API issue)

		 - Time picker is a must-have bug

		 - Amy is not sure if she has time to help me with Scheduler UI - will check with Kristy

	 - Need to classify issues into functional vs. UX. Functional issues have to be fixed.

- [[QS-Batch]] chained queries with [[Kevin Foster]]
	 - [Meeting recording](https://adobe.bluejeans.com/playback/guid/NDY4MzA3Nzg5OjQzNjkwOS1mMTAyODBlNC0wZGYwLTQ2MTktODQxMy1iNzVlNDUyZGVjNTM=)

	 - Customer use case: [[Lojas Americanas]]
		 - Data from different sources (and different company) is very disjoint. Need to combine, de-dup, etc.

		 - Leveraging AEP's recent "views" capability; aside: Kevin believes that customers should only ever see views, and not datasets!

		 - They first build views to get the data structure they want, and then the build queries on views, but when it gets too slow, they write into tables (CTAS). They refresh tables nightly to ensure that they stay up to date.

		 - They use a python script to call the QS REST API to chain the queries. But this needs to be part of AEP. Need to be able to define a dependency graph in the product.

		 - If they don't renew, we need to handover the Python script soon (this month or next), else they may renew till end of year. But they don't want to babysit a Python script. Can start with API and then later UI can come.

	 - Previous meeting's discussion: {{embed  ((3382e262-32e0-41c3-80ed-9ba532e45322))}}

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Healthy vs unhealthy versions of everything; e.g I can see choice as an opportunity, or as a negative thing; I tend to see it as the latter.

	 - Discussed CS program, ambition, and frustration. Emotional translation: I'm unhappy with myself, without being able to grasp what I'm unhappy with.

	 - Dig into the underlying erosive emotional process underlying this dynamic.

	 - What's missing for me is passion; but why do I need it?
