- [[Meera Srinivasan]] team meeting 08:00
	 - Q4 planning will kick off in 2 weeks. Please have your Q4 roadmap & JIRAs ready – CALL TO ACTION only

	 - Customer Pre-0 & Story telling – [[Mathieu Hannouz]]. 2H’ 2020 demos:
		 - When building a feature, soon after PPC, PMs should reach out to Mathieu to get demos and collateral created using the Luma org, so that we are ready for GA. 

	 - CA deck Template Review - Meera

	 - DSW OKRs - Anurag

- AEP Finance meeting with [[Lovely Grover]]
	 - I need to provide either IMS org IDs or subscription ID

	 - Subscription can be single tenant or multi-tenant; for single-tenant there is a 1-1 mapping between IMS org ID and subscription ID

	 - COGS vs. OPEX
		 - Commercial = COGS

		 - Non-commercial = OPEX

		 - Hazem / Ruchiat classifies commercial vs. non-commercial; they rely on Hazem's

	 - DMAI: 
		 - DONE Email Ryan Engh for access to DMAI

		 - Built by Cloud tech team to measure usage

	 - Lovely combines DMAI data with Finance data on the back-end; e.g. if we get a credit from MS, that's adjusted 

	 - Agenda
		 - Intro

		 - Do you classify commercial vs.

		 - How can I get access to this data?

- 1:1 with [[Arun Manoharan]]
	 - Autonomous.ai - standing desk for $350 or so.

	 - About Arun
		 - Joined 4.5 years ago, one of the first external PM hires for AEP

		 - Previously built Hadoop ecosystem at Ebay and lot of data warehousing projects.

		 - Started with Suresh, Anjul, Jim, etc.; wanted to transition away from solution mindset to platform mindset. In the solution mindset, the centralization was happening outside; they were building their own data lake, data warehouse, etc.; This approach has problems. Rather than companies having to build their own data lake and Adobe losing data, we want to keep the data without our ecosystem.

	 - About AEP
		 - DWH industry started with Terradata, then we got Hadoop, Hive, Pig, etc. Now the public cloud vendors have all come into play (AWS redshift, etc.).

		 - Our differentiation is being use case focused. Focus on marketing user.

	 - How is Query Service differentiated in terms of Trust? Think about it.

	 - Three areas of Trust
		 - Privacy

		 - Security

		 - Governance

	 - Arun team structure
		 - Elizabeth - Privacy; GDPR, CCPA, etc.

		 - Karthik - Consent 

		 - Arun - Security

		 - Shidhin - Governance

	 - Agenda
		 - Intro

- AEP COGS meeting with Paul Midura
	 - About Paul
		 - Been with Adobe 8+ years

		 - Worked with Ad Cloud first before AEP

		 - Liason between sales, product, and back office

	 - Spend
		 - DMAI is the source of spend data for Azure subscriptions

	 - Query Service
		 - Few different subscriptions are tagged to QS. How did we determine which are QS?

		 - By looking at compute - tools - workspaces

	 - COGS vs. Opex
		 - COGS = paid customer

		 - AEP COGS vs. OPEX: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/AEPLT/AEP+COGS+and+OPEX+Categorization+Criteria

		 - For QS, if it's PROD, it's COGS. Rest is OPEX. 

	 - Cost reduction
		 - Talk to others to understand how they reduced costs.
			 - Identity: Raul and Ben Beard

			 - Profile: Mohit

		 - Measurses
			 - TTL

- [[GTD]] in Roam
	 - NM system
		 - Add tasks anywhere (e.g. in daily notes)

		 - Use TODO as inbox

		 - When processing inbox, add tags for:
			 - When: "W29", "Someday", "Q3", etc.

			 - Project: "Project-A", "Project-B", etc.

	 - [Using TODO to Get Things Done with Roam Research (GTD)](https://www.roamtips.com/home/use-todo-get-things-done-roam-research-gtd)
		 - Drop tasks anywhere. 

		 - Treat TODO as inbox.

	 - [How I GTD in Roam Research](http://vincelutton.com/how-i-gtd-in-roam-research/)
		 - Simple method. Just drop tasks anywhere in meeting notes and use queries for inbox etc.

	 - GTD Testing
		 - #Area-1

		 - #Area-2

		 - #Project-test-1 #Area-1

		 - #Project-test-2 #Area-1

		 - #Project-2a #Area-2

		 - #Project-2b #Area-2

		 - DONE Task-1a1 #Project-test-1

		 - DONE Task-1a2 #Project-test-1

		 - DONE Task-1b1 #Project-test-2

		 - DONE Task-1b2 #Project-test-2

		 - DONE Task-2a1 #Project-2a

		 - DONE Task-2a2 #Project-2a

		 - DONE Task-2b1 #Project-2b

		 - DONE Task-2b2 #Project-2b

- [[MCIT-593]] Module 9
id:: 530b943f-bc31-48a2-8240-cbaef663347f
	 - Yay, finally completed the stack exrecise, which was taking forever!

- DONE Test task a

- DONE Test task b

- DONE Test task c
