- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Morning journal again. What's on my mind? I haven't been able to do much productive work. Or really any productive work at all in the past couple of days. Why is that I wonder? What's going on that's preventing me from doing this? I've been setting goals of something to do, and then just not doing it. Instead, I've been getting caught up in distractions. Maybe one thing I can do is take a pause when I notice that I'm caught up in the distractions. Pause and accept. And then move on, or try to move on. The acceptance is an important step. Pause, feel, and accept. 

		 - DONE List exercises from radical acceptance #[[Personal-Goals]]

		 - Yes, this is a good strategy. Don't just continue to give up. I mean, especially if the noticing is coming up. Pause, feel a bit, maybe even reflect in words before going on with the day. It's OK to decide also to give in a little bit. But it needs to be with acceptance and with an open heart. OK. May I bee free of suffering and full of loving kindness!

		 - Then what else is going on? Logistically today I need to do some work on EMBA and on MCIT. Otherwise I'll start to fall behind a little bit on that stuff. But it's ok. It's also not such a big deal! :) Things are good. All will be good. This stuff is really OK.

		 - Then what? I still have this whole car buying dilemma going on. What do I do about that? I still think it's a good idea to buy a car. Maybe not a Tesla now. Two reasons. One, I want something with more storage space. Second I won't reliably have access to charging while I'm moving around. So maybe later I'll come back to it. For now, I think I do want to get an SUV of some sort. Kind of deciding between a beater vs. a nicer car. Will have to factor in depreciation and stuff like that.

		 - DONE Make a car cost of ownership excel with different options - rental, beater, new, etc.

		 - OK, I'll figure that out.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- DONE Add Brandon notes to wiki #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #Projects [[November 11th, 2020]]

- DONE Ask Nizar about used cars #[[Projects]]-Personal-Travel #Projects

- DONE Wish Raju / preeti #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects [[November 11th, 2020]]

- Car TCO
	 - Tesla

	 - 

- CJA - QS interop tool with [[Brandon George]], [[Kevin Foster]]
	 - Use cases
		 - Depends on 

		 - Expedia
			 - Validate data in AEP in 

			 - Data engineers use it to validate

		 - LASA
			 - Goal is to use QS to power the dashboards

		 - Automating QA when changing schema, adding more data

	 - Pain points
		 - Understanding the concepts of batches and datasets

	 - Interface
		 - Look for a copy symbol on the visualization 

	 - Feedback / more
		 - Understand how the SQL is structured  - how is it contributing to the whole; make the SQL more parse-able

- Mentorship call with [[Advika Daga]]
	 - Interviewed for Adobe Corporate Strategy for intern role, but didn't get through

	 - 

- CJA-QS interop with [[Nick Hecht]], [[Brandon George]], [[Chris Luby]]
	 - Use cases
		 - Data prep / ETL: Stitching data from various datasets to prep for ingestion into CJA (should be solved in future by Matt Freestone's FBS solution)

		 - Data prep for ML / exporting (e.g. similar to Data Feeds > Big Query > Downstream)

		 - Data engineer / data scientist who prefers SQL vs. Analysis Workspace

		 - Further drilling into CJA reports using SQL

	 - Pain points
		 - Translating mid-values to post-values using ADFs

		 - Discrepancies between numbers in CJA and QS

		 - Query performance is much slower than 

	 - UI
		 - Upper right of table - settings or advanced features

	 - How is SQL laid out?
		 - Rather than joining and stitching on the fly, the query should operate on a pre-stitched dataset or view.

	 - Customer feedback - Nick can make intros
		 - Best Buy - Spencer

		 - EY - 
