- Working on [[Applied AI for QS]]

- [[Bi-Weekly | CJA/Query Closed Loop]] with [[Trevor Paulsen]], [[Bret Gundersen]]
	 - DONE Feedback: Make sure field is not undercutting CJA sales.
		 - What's the preferred sales motion?

	 - DONE AEP Intelligence complements CJA slide update #[[Projects]]-QS-Collateral #Projects
		 - Add: Debugging

		 - Update "use case" to focus more on Unique Requirements front.

		 - Competition: Not Google Analytics, but homegrown systems.

- Google keep
	 - Vegas shows for dad.
		 - Hoping to resume on 19th

		 - High possibility

		 - If we can resume entertainment on 19th

		 - Then it will be Nov 1

		 - 80% chance

		 - Call again next week for more of an update.

		 - Same with all other venues in Vegas.

		 - Only Absinthe:

		 - --

		 - --

		 - All shows in Vegas are currently canceled due to Covid.

		 - The tentative date for re-opening shows is Oct 19. But since this is still tentative, no tickets have been released yet. It is not possible to buy tickets until they release tickets.

		 - There is a very high likelihood that the re-opening date will be pushed back to Nov 1 instead of Oct 19.

		 - We can call back again next week to check if there is any further update.

		 - 

	 - [Zeppole recipe](https://www.foodrepublic.com/recipes/the-one-and-only-zeppole-recipe/) #Recipe

	 - This is how you lose the time war (sci-fi) #[[Projects]]-Read-later

	 - DONE Large tape or Saran wrap for desk drawer

	 - DONE Soy sauce

	 - DONE Dance classes #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Rukma splitwise transfer #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]] 
		 - 

	 - DONE Google home note taking #[[Projects]]-Personal-IT #Projects

	 - DONE Parents dates

	 - DONE Riverbend Hawaiian drunk crunk. Amazing. Tastes like guava orange juice in beer.

	 - DONE Silver City strawberry vanilla ipa. Interesting. Tastes just like a milkshake. Don't think it's a rep3at.

	 - DONE Omega pills

	 - DONE Widget Smith apps for phone and watch

	 - DONE Ken Liu Grace of Kings #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

	 - DONE Look up turo insurance for Chase

	 - DONE Fitted sheets

	 - DONE Call instead of text comic for dad

- DONE Reply to Alex popper [[October 8th, 2020]]
	 - Hi Alex! After discussing this with Rukma, I decided that I shouldn't give up my stable job until after my marriage and green card process (~ six months away). However, I am very much sold on your vision and Hellometer's value proposition, so I have two thoughts: (1) Let's chat again in ~ six months and see if you have any openings that I may be a good fit for? (2) Meanwhile, is there any way I can engage with you on a part-time / side-gig basis (just as a learning experience for me, without expecting anything in return)?

- [[Luma Demo Dashboard]] with [[Mathieu Hannouz]]
	 - PowerBI dashboard was made by PK

	 - Mathiu to provide access to Luma Org 

	 - Mathieu will help me get access to PowerBI

	 - Datasets start with democommons

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Applied AI
		 - Think about AEP Dashboards gen 2.

		 - DONE Revive dataset insights slides for Saurabh - add to Applied AI. #[[Projects]]-QS-Core #Projects

	 - Agenda
		 - LUMA dashboard
			 - Spent time recreating the tables

		 - Applied AI

		 - CJA meeting

- Meera, field based stitching
	 - DONE SQL Prep UI for identity graph - create roadmap item or epic under Business Dashboards - ask Anil for epic already existing #2020-W42
		 - https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLATQ-2121

		 - https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLATQ-2343 - already done

	 - DONE Brian Pong, Anurag, Shone Sadler, Anil M -- need a joint mtg

- [[Luma Demo Dashboard]] with [[PK]]
	 - Fact table 
		 - aep_basic_fact_omnichannel_custom_events

	 - Dim tables
		 - AEP DEMO - all those tables

	 - DONE Get PowerBI report or Looker report from PK

- Meeting with [[Modera Redmond]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Hotel reimbursements

		 - Can we still get out of the lease? 
