- [[Daily journal]] {{[[POMO]]}}
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]]
		 - Yesterday I spent a whole lot of time on my CS course just debugging the tooling. This is something that's happening to me quite often. I need to reflect on why that is. Even when I was programming in Windows one or two years ago, I got so stuck on the idea that I had to do it in WSL and have the perfect dev environment that I spent more time messing around with my environment than I did actually coding. Now that's happening again. I'm trying to get the perfect dockerized environment set up for my development that I'm spending too much time debugging those issues. Yes, on the one hand I agree that it would be great if I could figure out how to get it to work smoothly. This would be the perfect dev set up. But I'm not able to get it to work smoothly. Moreover, it's not such a dominant practice that there are detailed tutorials and guides on how to do this. A lot of the guides I'm finding seem to be referring to some outdated methods. I think it's only been 1 -2 years at the most since VS code released this feature, so it's not very widely adopted. Now I'm kind of a novice with development, and it's probably not very feasible for me to try to use such cutting edge technology. Also, what the fuck is the purpose of that right now? Other than my own perfectionism. Shouldn't I just use the tool to get the job done? I can program locally on my Mac, or I can program remotely on Codio. Both are fine options which people are using in the course and having success with. Or if I'm really keen, I can install an Ubuntu virtual box and program there. But virtual boxes have their own problems, and I probably shouldn't mess with it. Mac is known to be a great dev set up. Why don't I just use it? I'm quite far away from the stage where it makes a big difference that my set up is dockerized / standardized in this way. 

		 - What's the bigger point? I think a lot of my development efforts often get derailed by an effort to find some kind of perfect set up. I should set a rule that if I spend more than 30 minutes debugging a certain issue while I'm working on a project, then I should reflect on whether this issue is a priority for my project or not. I should emphasize shipping working code that actually does something useful over all other set up kind of issues. That's not good for me. Yes, the devcontainer set up would be cool to figure out, but that's a SEPARATE issue, and it should not be a dependency on me making progress with my assignment. Maybe I would have solved it in a slightly less than perfect manner, but that's totally OK. That's a lot better than not getting to a working solution. Is there anything else I have to say about this? Or am I beating a dead horse? I could relate it to other issues. I think it's part of the same pattern where I refuse to start cooking or cutting until I think I have the right process set up with the right tools and the right workspace and the right environment. Or why I think I can't do the planning and review process with Rukma until I get the perfect check-list or the perfect process set up. Emphasizing process over results is not always a good thing. And even when emphasizing process, finding the perfect process is often the enemy of finding a good enough process. Process improvement can be an ongoing track. Where else is this an issue in my life? Planning and review. I spend a lot of time trying to find the perfect planning process, the perfect GTD tool, weekly review routine, etc. This is an area where the execution is low compared to my process fuss. Where else? EC. Writing. Is this holding me back in writing? I think to a certain extent I want to have a process. Several freewrite topics that flow into freewrite sessions that flow into finished products. Having a list of freewrite topics to choose from, etc. Baig's process. I'm trying to implement all of this. Where else? Work? That's one area where I can't think if this is impacting me. I tend to actually just do things over there.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - Work: review and tag Roam notes

		 - GTD review

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

- DONE Describe VS Code remote problem for Jay
	 - [[Use VS Code to develop inside a docker container]]

	 - Install Docker

	 - Where is the image from?
		 - https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-dev-containers/blob/master/containers/ubuntu/.devcontainer/base.Dockerfile

- Learn zettelkasten
	 - https://zettelkasten.de/posts/search-alone-is-not-enough/

- [[DSW-KT]]
	 - Chatted with Anurag and Ashok about DSW COGS and GTM issues.

- DONE Get LDAP access to Splunk / Grafana
	 - Priti will suggest some name

	 - #cst-ldap
		 - I was recently added to the ACPEDW LDAP group, but I'm unable to log into Splunk and Grafana, and I think there may some issue with my LDAP. Any idea whom I should reach out to for help with this? Thanks!

- [[Freewrite]] on [[Product Management]] [[Blog]] {{[[POMO]]}}
	 - What is product management? - What does a PM do?
		 - Intro
			 - A PM has two primary levels at which he operates. There is the strategy level and the execution level. Then there is evangelism, etc.

		 - Product strategy
			 - A PM owns the vision and business strategy for a product. This answers questions such as - who is this product for? What problems does it solve for the users? What does the competetive landscape look like? How is my company differentiating itself? What is our competetive advantage?

			 - Roadmap: Next step is to transform the vision and strategy into a concrete roadmap spanning a couple of years. The near term features will be more clearly defined, while the long term features will be more abstract and less concrete. 

		 - Interfacing with business stakeholders
			 - Alignment with GTM and business objectives. The vision, strategy, and roadmap must be informed by the overall strategy of the business, GTM, and sales. For example, if your overall business strategy is to serve small and medium businesses, it may not be the best idea for you to define a roadmap targeted at Fortune 500 companies (unless there is some pivot).

			 - You need to SELL your business stakeholders on your vision, strategy, and roadmap. Most often companies will have some formal proceeding where various stakeholders come together to review and provide approval. Without approval, you can't do anything as a PM.

			 - What is the purpose of the various stakeholders? Maybe a topic for a different article - I don't have too much knowledge on this.
				 - The purpose of marketing is to determine the overall high level narrative of your business unit and product. 

				 - The purpose of GTM is to define how you will take your product to market. What channels will be used. How will the product be packaged, priced, and positioned.

				 - The purpose of sales is to translate marketing and GTM into actual client conversations and pitches. 

		 - Interfacing with customers
			 - In the discussions with business stakeholders, you need to bring the voice of the customer to the table. You need to represent the customer. Well, not strictly true, since sales is probably closer to the customer than you are. Revise this.

			 - You need to have a deep understanding of customer needs. Moreover, you need to be an expert in your industry, your domain. Your entire strategy should be informed by the customer needs.

			 - You need to understand how to get qualitative and quantitative customer feedback to inform your product roadmap.

			 - Prioritization - you need to prioritize 

		 - Execution
			 - Now that you have your product strategy, you need to execute on the product strategy. Here is where product management methodologies like Scrum / Agile come into the picture. 

			 - You have to break down the high level roadmap or feature item into low level fine grained "user stories". First, you need to define what exactly you want to enable your customers to do and why. You are responsible for the what and why. Then you have to collaborate with your engineering and design teams on the how? How will you enable your customer to do this?

			 - This will involve prioritization and tradeoffs. Suppose you're building a web application. Your user story might be something as simple as "I want to add a profile picture to my user account, so that the application feels more personalized." Then your designers will help you figure out exactly where in the flow is the right place to add this, what the button should look like, what the icon should look like, etc. Your engineers will figure out the technical details. How to integrate the photo with the engineering architecture and databases that currently exist? Etc.

			 - Your role is to review and prioritize several options based on your understanding of the 

	 - Article structure
		 - Intro
			 - A Product Manager (PM) is responsible for two key aspects of a product's lifecycle: (1) strategy and (2) execution. In order to accomplish this, PMs must collaborate with three groups of stakeholders: (1) engineers, (2) customers, and (2) business stakeholders. 

			 - Diagram: 

			 - Areas of responsibility
				 - S

- [[QS-CJA]] - worked on wiki

- Ad-hoc Meeting with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Status report
		 - CG

		 - Adhoc query - researching requirements, wiki, gap analysis, etc.

	 - Ad-hoc vs. batch vs. interactive
		 - Ad-hoc: No CTAS query
			 - Ad-hoc is what was previously called "interactive"

			 - QS spins up additional clusters in anticipation of additional users; 

		 - Batch: CTAS query
			 - Spin up a cluster and make rest API call to execute in cluster

		 - There's a gap when queries need a bit more than 10 minutes but don't need CTAS.

		 - We have limits on interactive, adhoc, but no on batch. No way to limit usage for batch.

		 - Batch limit solution: we need to create limits

- DONE [[AEP Insights]] deck review with [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - Other
		 - Bundled with CDP and CJA

	 - 4a - exploration
		 - Highlights
			 - "Use interactive SQL queries" Add ML

			 - Raw and stitched omnichannel data

		 - Split first benefit int two

	 - 4b - prep
		 - Change the picture - goes to CDP and CJA

		 - Replace Cloud Storage Cloud DB with the actual stuff underneath it

		 - Right hand side should show forking to CJA / DSW / Reporting / Enterprise Destinations

		 - Top three points: three highlights
			 - Scheduled batch queries on raw / omnichannel data: filtering, projections, etc.

			 - Governance / DULE: How do we propogate dule labels

			 - Seamless integration with different destinations: Adobe Apps, CJA, DSW, AEP Reporting, Enterprise Destination s (Cloud data lakes, DWHs)

	 - Scorecard
		 - Feature Area > Feature > priority > Jira

		 - SQL Explore - Ad Hoc query
			 - ADF parity with CJA

			 - Composite view

			 - Warning for queries > 10 mins / ML / stats

			 - Elastic scaling for ad-hoc query

		 - SQL Prep - 
			 - DULE

			 - ADF parity

		 - Add priority column
			 - Blocker

- 1:1 with [[Saptho Nair]]
	 - About
		 - Part of Architecture group; focus on ML - both real-time and batch

		 - Also working with Data Prep; but focus on pre-profile data prep; post-profile data prep is on hold now.

		 - Representing AEP for Research tech transfer; commercializing research technologies.

	 - [[Causality Analysis]]
		 - Adobe research has capability to analyze data from analytics; from the sequence of events, we use ML to find cause / effect

		 - E.g. revenue went down by 2% last month, what caused that? E.g. answer could be changes in pricing, changes in ad spending, etc.

		 - Create what-if scenarios and what-if analysis.

		 - Differentiate what we can't control (click through rate) vs. what we can control (landing page)

	 - Next steps
		 - Next week is the research team's "primary defense". Equivalent to our PPC.

		 - Come up with a plan on how to productize it.

- 593 assigment
	 - [[C Programming with VS Code]]
		 - Build:Terminal > Configure Default Build Task > clang; now you can run the build with cmd + shift + b
			 - [Using Clang in Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/config-clang-mac)

			 - [Add -I flag to build task for library path](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-cpptools/issues/5610)

		 - Debug: Run > Add Configuration > GDB

		 - It's working fine, except when it needs to look for a header file, linker gives an error

	 - [[C Programming]] headers
		 - main.c
			 - `#include "mylib.h"`

		 - mylib.c
			 - `#include "mylib.h"`

		 - mylib.h
			 - headers

		 - Compile
			 - clang main.c mylib.c -o main
