- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - What do I want to write about? Yesterday, I got very frustrated about not making progress on tasks, and I complained a lot to Rukma. I also complained to her that she wasn't helping me. This was wrong of me to do. I could have and should have phrased it as an ask for help, like "hey, I need help with this thing please" rather than "hey, why are you not helping me with this thing?". That's wrong of me to do. I have not made expectations clear to her (and moreover, I don't think they're clear in my own head). So what's the underlying issue? Rukma asked me to separate it into two. One is not having a plan and the other is not executing on the plan. Strategy vs. execution. I think the strategy part is OK at a high level, but it's missing at a detailed level. I'm not even formulating a plan at the detailed level of what to do. At a day to day level, I'm not setting targets of major and minor tasks to accomplish - both at the personal and at the work level. So that's a major problem right off the bat. This keeps slipping. I do an OK job of it for a while, and then I completely fall off the wagon. This is just something I'm not good at. So that's one thing. Then there's the execution part where even after I add all these things every day, I might just not feel like doing them. This would be a failure of execution. That's also something that could be caught in a daily review, because we at least talk about it on a daily level and check in and have accountability. OK. I think that's a good start. Regardless of whether it's a strategy or an execution problem, the daily check-in can't hurt. It will be tremendously helpful.

		 - Aside: watch out for the critic. A lot of this is mixing up my own voice with the voice of the critic. Should not be thinking in such critical terms. OK. Let it come, let it be, let it go. Have a more relaxed attitude to the fact that tasks may not be going as per plan. Rukma's reminder that at a macro level, things are going so well, is very apt. I'm doing my job well, juggling two courses well, doing some extra-curricular activities like the hackathon, doing so well on personal health and wellness, where I'm consistently maintaining my diet and exercise. When all is going so well, I should cherish that and not complain so much. Life is good! :) 

		 - Read [[MLK autobiography]] this week
			 - I'm quite finished with the book, and it was a fantastic read. MLK strikes me as one the one hand a saintly figure in the lineage of Jesus and Gandhi, but on the other hand he's also revolutionary actor in American history. But MLK's argument is that the same can be said of Jesus (and Gandhi) too. Jesus was himself a revolutionary, and so is MLK. He grew up in a pretty intellectually motivated family and was very much encouraged to study. His studies lead him through philosophy and theology, and he came into contact with a world of ideas about freedom and about how society could be organized (reminds me of my own educational journey). His education was in the North East, which was far more progressive than his home in the South. This led him to see the gulf between the professed ideals of America and the brutally oppressive reality of racism in America (but especially in the South). Blacks were not allowed to sit in the same bus seats as whites, nor in the same restaurant seats, nor have the same jobs, nor live in the same neighborhoods, were constantly belittled and talked down to (e.g. authority figures would address black men as "boy" regardless of their age and stature).

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - 

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- [[QS-GTM]] Wiki
	 - Title: Query Service: Provisioning and Metering

	 - Executive summary

	 - With the current state of AEP provisioning, this is not possible. Query Service provisioning is "all or nothing", because it is controlled by a single FI called "acp_query_service" which can either be turned on or off. (Ref: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/ONE/UPP+Requirements%3A+AEP+FY20)
		 - There is another FI called acp_data_science_workspace_intelligence	which entitles a customer to additional query users.

	 - Executive Summary
		 - The way in which we are selling Query Service (GTM and entitlements) is currently out of sync with the way in which we provision Query Service, and is also out of sync with our profitability and COGS requirements. 

		 - To solve this problem, the following requirements need to be met:

	 - Aligning GTM with entitlements and provisioning
		 - TLDR: AEP needs the ability to provision different flavors of Query Service, e.g. Ad-Hoc vs. Batch.

		 - Query Service is included in several GTM SKUs, each of which has different entitlements.
			 - Table: What SKU did the customer license? What is the customer's entitlement for Query Service?

			 - AEP Core (2020 - legacy offer):

			 - AEP (May 2019 - legacy offer):

			 - CJA: Limited ad-hoc query

			 - CDP:

			 - AEP Intelligence Lite (proposed)

			 - AEP Intelligence (proposed)

		 - With the current state of AEP provisioning, this is not possible. Query Service provisioning is "all or nothing", because it is controlled by a single FI called "acp_query_service" which can either be turned on or off. (Ref: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/ONE/UPP+Requirements%3A+AEP+FY20)
			 - There is another FI called acp_data_science_workspace_intelligence	which entitles a customer to additional query users.

	 - Defining usage limits based on COGS limits
		 - TLDR: AEP needs to meter and enforce usage limits on Query Service.

		 - TLDR: AEP needs the ability to translate internal COGS limits into customer-facing usage limits.

		 - Profitability requirements set limits on Query Service COGS per customer. For example, the profitability requirements of the "AEP Intelligence Lite" SKU require that Query Service (Batch) COGS cannot exceed $40k per customer per year.

		 - Since we cannot tell the customer that "you are entitled to $40k worth of batch queries per year", we need to translate that into something more meaningful for the customer such as "you are entitled to process X amount of data" (c.f. [Google BigQuery On-demand pricing](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/pricing#on_demand_pricing)) or "you are entitled to X amount of query processing capacity" (c.f. [Google BigQuery Flat-rate pricing](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/pricing#flat_rate_pricing)).

		 - These usage limits need to be included in the SKU definition and subsequently metered and enforced.

	 - Metering and enforcement of usage limits
		 - TLDR: AEP needs to meter and enforce usage limits on Query Service.

		 - Once we solve the challenge of translating COGS limits to usage limits, these usage limits need to be metered and enforced. E.g. if a customer is entitled to a usage limit of processing X amount of data, we need to meter how much data the customer has processed, and cut-off the customer's query capability once the entitlement limit has been reached. 

		 - It would be nice if we could also produce a detailed usage report for the customer and provide alerts when the usage limit is near at hand.

- [[Freewrite]]
	 - Reading [[Science of Enlightenment]] by [[Shinzen]]
		 - Interesting book. I listened to the first few chapters this morning. I remember reading the book a few years ago, in fact it was in the summer of 2018, so exactly two years ago, and from what I remember I really enjoyed the first few chapters and the last few chapters which were the frame of the book, because they provided a holistic overview of how meditation is to be contextualized in the scheme of science and everyday life, and the last few chapters provide an overview of the evolution of different meditative traditions starting with the Buddha. The middle few chapters I got less value out of where Shinzen talks about specific meditation techniques, how to do them, why he recommends them, and guided audio sittings.

		 - Today I listened to the first few chapters (the first part of what I call the frame of the book). 

		 - First he talks about what meditation is. He characterizes it first as a technology for achieving elevated states of presence and concentration. It's a technology you can use to be in the present moment (i.e. your mind is not constantly wandering to past, future, and fantasy) and to be concentrated (e.g. like achieving flow states). 

		 - Then he talks about the phenomenon of suffering. How objective external factors trigger subjective internal reactions, which in turn trigger objective external actions. Meditation is a technology that allows you to have greater control of the link between external factors and internal reactions. Meditation technology can enable you to enjoy __unconditional__ happiness that has nothing to do with external factors, by constantly cultivating a state of equanimity, tranquility, and joy. This is because meditation enables us to have "total" experiences wherein the distinction between subject and object disappears. In fact he draws a distinction between two kinds of total experiences - one where there is an object, and one where even the object disappears (in both cases, the subject disappears). Not sure what this distinction does.

		 - Then he talks about meditation as a technology for investigating and analyzing the different components of mental and sensory experience. We can use meditation to break down everything we think and feel into its constituent components. E.g. if we are experiencing the emotion of anger, we can break that down into what we're thinking (further broken down into what we're internally seeing, internally hearing, etc.), and what we're feeling in the body (further broken down into specific body sensations). This is supposed to break down the amount of suffering that can be caused by these events. How exactly? He says that it prevents suffering from multiplying suffering, by getting rid of the resistance to suffering. But how does analysis prevent the resistance?

		 - There's also the historical framing he beings - he talks about how every major world religion has independently developed this technology. It was most systematically and thoroughly developed in India (primarily by the Yoga tradition), which led to Buddhism, but also independently in Christianity (monastic prayer of silence), Islam (sufi movement), Judaism (Cavana?), and many other smaller religions. There are three primary spiritual paths: the path of thinking (beliefs, intellectual stuff), the path of feeling (devotion, bhakti, love), and finally the path of mysticism (based on meditation and concentration). Shinzen says the last one is the most powerful.

		 - DONE Consult a meditation teacher - Tucker or Taft #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

		 - Then I started getting into the parts where he recommends a particular meditation practice. The one he recommends starting with is the global relaxation practice, because it provides pleasant sensations and positive reinforcement, it should be easier to start with this as a meditation object rather than the breath or other things.

		 - DONE List different meditation techniques to try #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - [[Therapy]] Dialogue
		 - Yesterday I left off with E saying essentially that both C and D are partially right, but also fuck them both for causing so much difficulty in life. Seeking self love, positivity, and nurture. Where does that come from?

		 - C: OK, I'm sorry. I understand that what you're saying is important. Self-love and gratitude is important to cultivate. But the only way I know how to do that is by looking for a process such as self help and then trying to implement that. For example, we could look to Metta meditation, gratitude journaling, and other such similar practices and make a plan for implementing that in life. I'm sorry that I don't know any better ways to help you with this. I'm not trying to fuck you up, I'm just trying to help you improve and become a better version of yourself, which is what you want also I'm sure, I'm just struggling with how to do it.

		 - D: Awww... you guys should kiss and make up! That's so sweet. I hope you come to a resolution. I understand that I always fuck things up for you guys in my marauding escapades. But that's all I know how to do. I'm sorry. It's just my nature.

		 - E: I understand guys. You both have fucked with me and messed me up in different ways, but I understand that we're a team, and we need to work together in order to get better. Let's figure out how to work together on this. I'm also talking to Jurgen on this in a few days, and hopefully he'll have some good feedback for us on how we can get better.

		 - C: Is there something wrong with me? Does the solution require getting rid of me? Or can I still be part of the team and help out?

		 - E: I don't know. I also suspect that I'm still not a single person. I'm still hiding within me other persons who may need to come out. There's a hyper-rationalist within me. But what else is there? There's the part of me that needs to be super organized and clean. The OCD part. But what else is there if I take that out? There's the part of me that loves Rukma.

- Meeting with [[Rakesh Saha]]
	 - Worked on internal business transformation project for how to improve HR services through Technology.

	 - His background is a good fit for program manager.

	 - Find hiring manager.

- Meeting with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Query demo
		 - Demo overview
			 - Get 4 datasets for demo

			 - Select schema

			 - Join the datasets (use SQL join)

			 - Then show out of the box functions

			 - Finally schedule.

		 - DONE Meet with [[Mathieu Hannouz]] on the demo; get Luma datasets for demo

		 - DONE Query demo: For example queries, reach out to PK; also, attribution, pathing, and sessionization. Take existing queries and apply to Luma dataset.

	 - Query for CJA deck 
		 - Background and challenges: what's CJA trying to solve?
			 - Use cases

			 - Limitations of CJA

			 - Where QS is needed

		 - Basic story: You're working with CJA data, but you also want to work with the raw data.

		 - Master deck: https://adobe-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/p/samahapa/EaAdHFSj30lDjGtm_btso7oBT9hUOR_3zUmeAf9MEvqssQ?e=StV3Jc

		 - 

	 - Rohan Kapoor working on SQL UI - later, we'll incorporate this into product.

	 - Query GTM
		 - Reach out to Jonathan to find out about contract.

		 - Then find out which customer is under which contract.

- {DONE}} Running shoes #[[Projects]]-Shopping #Projects
	 - Options
		 - Altra Escalante

	 - Notes
		 - Zero drop shoes are good for forefoot strike
