- [[Daily journal]]
	 - {{[[POMO]]}}

	 - [[What's on my mind today?]]
		 - What do I want to think about? Yesterday, I slept super early, and then I woke up quite early today. Not super early.

		 - What about the dreams? One dream where Rukma and I were living in New York in someone else's place. We moved into an apartment first as the guests (paying guests of some sort) of another couple that was living there. Or we were guests of the landlord. For some reason, that apartment didn't work out, and we wanted to move to another apartment in the same building. We actually had a set of keys which could open other apartments in that building. Somehow from the landlord. Either by mistake, or it was part of the arrangement / agreement. Then we used this opportunity to move to another apartment, where there was a middle aged to elderly couple living. They may or may not have had an adult child living with them. They first viewed us with some skepticism, like oh, no, now we have more people living here. Then we were having a meal together. After dinner I was asking her where the trash is and some discussion ensued. That's the last of this dream I remember. Then one more dream was where I was collaborating with someone who kept stealing my image, likeness, etc. I have not very much memory of this one.

		 - What about my mind wanderings during meditation today? I tried something a little bit different in today's meditation. Rather than trying to improve clarity of attention, I focused more on the awareness part. I kept my attention on my breath, but not to such an extent that I got rid of all background awareness. Background awareness was active while I was following the breath. In the background, there were thoughts, memories, etc. being generated. It's worthwhile observing them somewhat. I often think they're total garbabe - like replaying a movie in my head - and they may indeed be total garbage, but it's worth observing even garbage with curiosity, is it not? :) Let it be in the background, and don't get too sucked into it. That's what I tried to do today at least. I'm not sure to what extent I would call that awareness vs. attention switching. Perhaps I was just switching my attention back and forth between my meditation object and the background thoughts.

		 - Anyway, getting to the content. I was remembering my days in Heidelberg. That was actually a very nice trip. After being stuck at home in India for a year, I was kind of rearing to get out and be on my own again. I had faced one disappointment of not getting into grad school as I had hoped, but I had an interesting masters program to look forward to, and I was learning German. To further my interst in learning German, and also to enjoy a brief vacation before starting school, I decided to spend about a month in Heidelberg before going to Amsterdam. The search process of finding a place to stay was itself the beginning of an adventure. I started perusing German message boards which were the equivalent of Craigslist and interacting with a bunch of people about subletting a place. Got knows how I chose Heidelberg as a place to go to. I think I heard of it in some philosophical context, like there were some famous philosophers who lectured at Heidelberg. Was it Heidegger? No, I think Heidegger was at Marburg or Freiburg - one of those two, not Heidelberg. But I think Heidelberg was a nice, charming little student town. That's how it seemed to me at least. Anyway, I went there without a super clear agenda in mind. I wanted to learn german and to enjoy a vacation. For learning german I identified two options. One was a Volkshokschule - spelling butchered - which is like the equivalent of a community college in Germany. They have German courses specifically designed for people like immigrants who want to settle in Germany and learn the languaage. But also there was a private institution which I enrolled in first. Because the dates of the VHS were not starting for some time, my plan was to enroll in the private institution for a week or two and then move. What was the name of that private institution? I can't remember, but we had this great teacher called Merik. And I made some friends at the institue. Primarily there were three greek girls that I hung out with. Vasiliki (whom I still see on Facebook every now and then), one more person whose name I can't remember, and Despina. 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - QS-CJA page

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

- Home Depot- Stitching for [[CJA]] Meeting with [[Sunish Verma]]
	 - Two types of IDs: some datasets have ECID (AA) but some datasets have HHID (Store sales); customer provides mapping between HHID and ECID.

- DONE Local backlog review

- Bluejeans intermittently freezes - a LOT
	 - DONE Restart mac

	 - DONE Reinstall app

	 - DONE Post on slack [[July 27th, 2020]]

	 - DONE Try different DNS or router? #Waiting

- DONE **Mandatory Security Awareness Training**

- Saurabh adhoc meeting
	 - AEP strategy
		 - Adobe has operational apps (delivering services like campaigns), but Analytics is different.

	 - Backlog priorities
		 - Query prioritization - Compute gateway engineers are already working on it. Allow customer to prioritize their own queries.

- Batch SQL Highlights and benefits
	 - Highlights
		 - Scheduled SQL queries: Use UI or API to run scheduled batch SQL queries on stitched omni-channel data (or raw data) inside Adobe Experience Platform​. Use cases include filtering, data format translations, metadata lookups, etc.​

		 - Seamless egress to destinations: Seamlessly egress data to the destination of your choice within Adobe (Customer Journey Analytics, Data Science Workspace, Experience Dashboards) or outside Adobe (Cloud Data Lakes, Azure Blob, Amazon S3, etc.).

	 - Benefits
		 - Integrated trust, privacy, and governance: Seamless propagation of usage labels, data usage policies, and privacy policies to all of your datasets to ensure trust, privacy, and governance. 

		 - Experience domain specific preparation

- DONE [[C Programming]] article on [Library order in static linking](https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2013/07/09/library-order-in-static-linking)

- DONE EMBA fall tuition due by Thursday, August 20th

- Meeting with [[Dave McNamee]]
	 - Composition view vs materialized view 
		 - defining a view that spans multiple datasets. 

		 - A view is a SQL construct that enables a person writing queries to select from a view. A view is a light-weight alternative to CTAS query. Problem with CTAS is that the freshness may not be up to date, and you're creating new datasets. View is like a reference.

		 - Materialized view is like CTAS, but it's not a dataset.

		 - Read time vs. write time interacts with this

	 - Batch SQL is needed by CJA for field based stitching. In this case we need to provide guidelines on what is reasonable and what the limitations are.

	 - DONE Query partitioning granularity limits- find out; CJA wants hourly granularity; for some customers even one day is too much.

	 - DONE Recurring meeting with Dave

- Meeting with [[Kevin Foster]]
	 - About
		 - Working with QS work since Beta; large customers like Sony.

		 - Worked on Expedia POC; Expedia bought CJA + AEP due to Kevin and team's work.

	 - Customer use case: [[Lojas Americanas]] (includes brands Lasa, B2W, Ame) - 
id:: 3382e262-32e0-41c3-80ed-9ba532e45322
		 - didn't want UIS, but wanted to make their own unified view of customer and build a power BI dashboard. Their different companies have separate clouds. They were leveraging us instead of doing it themselves, because they needed help.

		 - Kevin told them to query views only; not query datasets. Insulate them from the dataset name. Views flattened out all of the dot-notaiton.

		 - De-dupe the profiles is one view. Stacked up a bunch of views and joining. E.g. one brand has some info on Kevin, and another brand has other info. Instead, did field-based stitching using CTAS.

		 - Because they're stacking the views, they need to sequence them (which is not possible in QS). As a workaround, one of the engineers wrote a python script to check for dependencies.

		 - Two options for customers: either make the entire complex SQL statement in one go (which may take too long and time-out), or the better solution is to have triggered scheduling.

	 - Agenda
		 - My role - mention CJA and customer advocate for Expedia

		 - Roadmap overview

- Meeting with [[JC]] on Batch Scheduling UI
	 - About
		 - Part of AEP UI Engineering team under Ryan Wilkes

		 - Also works on GraphQL (called XQL in the AEP world); API aggregation layer serving as a proxy between client and several different APIs. Examples of such aggregated APIs include PALM, RBAC. This enables the browser to make a single API request, rather than handling multiple requests.

	 - QS UI team
		 - Management: Ryan

		 - Tech: JC, Jeff Day

	 - Terminology mismatch between UI and backend for QS
		 - UI Queries = Query templates

		 - UI Log items = Queries

	 - Query scheduling UI
		 - DONE Get feature flag access

		 - DONE Get Wikis and JIRAs for Query UI

		 - DONE Need to get this on the UI backlog

		 - Design issues to be fixed
			 - Can only create one schedule per template

	 - Agenda
		 - Who works on QS UI?

		 - Documentation / PRD?

		 - What's pending?

- [[Freewrite]] on [[MBA Admissions]]
	 - Added this freewrite to yesterday's journal.

- AEP Experience Intelligence - Roadmap & Capability Scoring Meeting with [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Jim Rivera]] and [[Dave Weinstein]]
	 - 

	 - Agenda
		 - Prep slide
			 - Azure DWH was one warehouse - that's only one destiation.

			 - Then we have CJA and DSW as two other 

			 - AO.com - account at risk, customer is adopting GCP; and we want to egress to GCP

		 - Phase strategy slid
			 - People are using SQL for data prep - so let's firm that up

			 - Next we'll add UI

			 - Lastly, we'll add ML / AI funcitonalty 
