- [[Daily journal]]
	- {{[[POMO]]}}
	- [[What's on my mind today?]]
		- Morning pages
		- Today I'm writing at 06:58. I struggled waking up from 6.30 to now. Had some pretty weird dreams.
		- One dream I was on a wall, and I could roll down and across the wall. Not sure what the purpose was. Either I was running away from someone, or I was chasing someone. I can't remember which was happening. I could go across the wall one step at a time. Or, I had to ball myself up (how did I become a ball? It was like I became a 2d circle like sonic the hedgehog) and jump down the wall, and somehow I would grab on to another ledge, and I would start rolling to the side. In this way I could traverse the wall quickly. But could I get back up? Not sure
		- Ignas was there in another dream. This was a prior dream. I think I was in Amsterdam. I was going to University. But it was more like UvA than it was like ILLC. I went through a large library. Then there was a large balcony that I stepped out on to. But before the balcony there was a large break room type area. Half way between what an Adobe break room looks like and what the ILLC break room was like. So I stepped out onto the balcony. Some faces seem familiar. Malvin, Evante. On the balcony there were a bunch of large park bench style tables. Then I don't remember any more.
		- Why am I dreaming about the ILLC? That was a nice time wasn't it? Living in Amsterdam was a good experience. I enjoyed it very much. What did I enjoy about it? I quite enjoyed the work that I was doing - or rather the study. I had a good group of friends. Philip, Johannes, Mathias, Ignas, Iris and Ronald, Onindo, those are the main ones I remember hanging out with. It was also when I started to develop a sense of good habits and healthy routines. That was quite nice. Then what? I liked the idea of European life. Amsterdam was a very idyllic city. Large enough to be a proper city. Yet small enough to be able to get around in a bike. Going to the storytelling evenings, going to the jazz music concert hall, the classical music concert hall which was discounted to students, the windmill brewery, the one bar where we would meet a lot - especially Johannes and I, when going up from science park, just before we hit the first canal. OK, I just spent a few minutes looking around the map. But it also reminede me, when we go up from science park, we first find a LIDL, and then as we go up a bit further, we find a turkish pizza place that sells 1 euro turkish pizzas which I used to eat a lot. Then a little further up there's the Albert Heijn. When I lived in Science Park I used to shop there a lot. Also in my second year when I used to hang out with Philip who lived just next door to the AH. I remember often buying wine and beer from there. It was on that same street when you go up before hitting the canal where the bar was.
		- Oh, then there were the nice bars in the center. Spui. There were one or two of those very cozy bars where I took duque, and even my parents when they came to visit. Other than the windmill brewery, that was one of my favorites.
	- [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		- Write PRDs!
	- [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		- Wrote 1 PRD well! More to follow next day.
	- [[What did I eat today?]]
		- 5pm: Rice cracker snacks
		- 6pm: Dinner
		- 10pm: Twix ice ceram
	- [[Anything else?]]
	- Reminder: complete yesterday's journal
- {DONE}} Google keep
	- DONE Add Baig exercises to freewrite page #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Writing]]
		- Copy from OneNote
		- Look at chapter end sections (e.g. creativity questions)
	- Make reading list for writing projects #Writing #Projects
	- [[Evergreen notes]] Note writing system for [[Roam Research]] by Andy Matuschak: https://notes.andymatuschak.org/zhmLXArqiCMDr9Q13ViqN3hh3SmrKzjQxWAr
	- {DONE}} Order cake [[August 5th, 2020]]
		- Ordered for pickup on Saturday August 8 2pm
- [[PRD]] for [[QS-UI]]
	- Table of contents
	- Version table
		- Target release (for v1)
			- Q4 2020
		- Roadmap / epic link
		- Document status
		- Document owner
		- PM owner: Nikhil
		- Eng owner: Anil
		- Documentation:
		- QA:
	- Imaginary press release
		- The new AEP Experience Intelligence SKU unleashes the full power of Query Service's batch scheduling capabilities with the introduction of the Query Scheduler UI. AEP customers are increasingly relying on Query Service for their data preparation needs when they need to prepare data for Adobe destinations (such as CJA, DSW, and Enterprise Dashboards) as well as their own enterprise destinations (Cloud data lakes, data warehouses, etc.). To support these use cases, in addition to the existing API approach to scheduling batch queries, we are now introducing a user-friendly UI approach to scheduling batch queries. Customers will be able to use this UI to schedule queries without having to write any code (other than SQL).
	- What problem does this product solve?
		- AEP customers need to prepare data for Adobe destinations (such as CJA, DSW, and Enterprise Dashboards) as well as their own enterprise destinations (Cloud data lakes, data warehouses, etc.).
		- AEP customers are increasingly relying on Query Service (especially the batch scheduling capability) for their data preparation needs. Currently the capability is limited to API support only, and not all customers are comfortable with API usage.
		- To solve this problem, the Scheduler UI will offer a user friendly alternative to the API for batch query scheduling.
	- Personas and user stories
		- Business analyst
			- As a business analyst, I want a UI interface to schedule reporting queries, so that I can keep my reports and dashboards updated regularly.
		- Data scientist
			- As a data scientist, I want a UI interface to schedule data wrangling queries, so that I can keep my ML models updated regularly.
		- Data engineer
			- As a data engineer, I want a UI interface to schedule enterprise sync queries, so that I can keep my enterprise data lake updated regularly.
	- Release criteria
		- V0: What exists today (as of August 2020) behind the aep.ui.queries.v2 feature flag
		- V1: What we want to ship in 2020-Q4
			- Bug fix: Query Scheduler UI sometimes shows "schedule status" instead of "add schedule" for newly created query. [PLAT-66554](https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLAT-66554)
			- Bug fix: Some UI components are not visible to user (e.g. "time" field and "am/pm" selector). [PLAT-52567](https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLAT-52567)
			- Improvement: Disable the "delete schedule" option in UI until API can support it. [PLAT-52573](https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLAT-52573)
			- Improvement: Add schedule dialog has an unnecessary vertical scroll bar which hides errors below it. [PLAT-52571](https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLAT-52571)
		- V2+: Future enhancements
			- Improvement: Scheduled queries should be classified as such in browse tab in the Query Service Editor. [PLAT-52940](https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLAT-52940)
			- Improvement: Users should be able to delete scheduled queries. Needs API improvement.
			- Improvement: UI should not allow users to create schedules outside the allowable range (90 day window. [PLAT-52568](https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLAT-52568)
			- Improvement: Add Schedule dialog should check to see if there are any valid datasets, if none, message “No existing datasets available”. [PLAT-52572](https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLAT-52572)
			- Improvement: Query Scheduler UI should conform to existing "enabled / disabled" UI pattern. [PLAT-52611](https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLAT-52611)
	- Timeline and Stakeholder review
		- Leadership approval
			- UI: Doug, Ryan
			- QS: Meera, Anil
		- Leaders to assign resources and prioritize on their respective roadmaps and sprints
		- QA and PM review
		- Release
- Query Egress meeting with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]], [[Anurag Dodeja]], etc. 11:04
	- Batch SQL should enable egress to Adobe destinations and Enterprise destinations.
	- Basic requirement: "activation" of any dataset; datasets should be exported to enterprise destinations.
		- Customers can't directly do this right now, but there are workarounds.
		- First step is to productize those work-arounds.
		- As part of ODI initiative, Target: September - we can activate a dataset to ADLS / Azure Blob. (Future beyond September will be extending support to AWS and GCP). This is time based.
	- Additional requirements for MVP
		- Sync between QS scheduling and Destination / orchestration.
	- Additional requirements beyond MVP
		- Event triggered export vs. schedule triggered export
		- Exporting non-CTAS queries: we want to enable exports of queries directly (not just datasets), i.e., for non-CTAS queries.
		- Streaming instead of batch
	- Next steps
		- DONE Meeting with Keshav, Anurag, Saurabh, Ted on egress sync.
		- DONE PRD for Query Egress
- Trevor customer outreach
	- {DONE}} Draft customer outreach email #2020-W32 #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #Projects [[August 6th, 2020]]
	- {DONE}} Review customer outreach and questions with Saurabh #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #2020-W33 #Projects
- [[Freewrite]] on [[MCIT]] [[MCIT-593]] [[MCIT 593 Docker Dev Environment Setup Guide]]
	- {{[[POMO]]}}
	- What I want to talk about today is on the ideal development environment
	- OK, future 593 students, here's some advice on how to set up your development environment for this course. Specifically for the latter half of this course where you will be doing programming assignments. The first half of the course is just no programming, only circuit diagrams and binary calculations, and CPU architectures. In the second half of the course we will be coding. Start with coding in assembly language, and then will move on in the next part to coding in C.
	- What's the default coding environment? The default is Codio. What is codio?
	- DONE Research what is codio? for 593 article #Projects #[[Projects]]-MCIT
	- Codio is an online VM that runs linux. Basically it's simulating the experience of running Linux. It's a virtual machine. It comes pre-loaded with some files and folders that help with your assignment, such as the compiler, and the Penn Simulator program. It's designed to be a self-contained environment where you can do all of your coding, you can debug your code, you can test your code, you can get TAs to look at your code, you can get it auto-graded, you can submit, etc. I do not recommend doing your development in codio. While it's great for all these other things - for pre-loading the assignment, for submission, for sharing code with your TAs for grading, etc., it's just not great for development.
	- What are the advantages of Codio
		- It's an all-in one environment where you can do the entire flow from assignment set up to dev to sharing to submission
		- It's great for TA help. When you need help, you can just say "hey TA, please look at "my_program.c" line 32. You don't need to share the file, they can directly access the file in Codio.
		- It is purpose built to optimize the tools needed for your assignments. You can be sure that the compiler, the debugger, PennSim, etc. are compatible with the OS and environment you're using. You're guaranteed not to run into issues like "the code works on my system, but it doesn't work on your system", which is a common issue. You're also guaranteed to not run into issues like "this compiler does not work with your opearting system" etc.
	- Those above points are all the advantages of codio. Now, I'll also share some disadvantages of moving away from Codio:
		- Compiler is not guaranteed to work as intended
		- (OK, i'm probably going to skip this section in the final)
	- Now, what are the disadvantages of Codio?
		- It's very slow. I'm making a video where I show what it's like to run PennSim on Codio. PennSim is a GUI application. The Codio VM is not optimized for running GUI applications. It is primarily intended for command line applications. When you run GUI applications, it will choke. The entire reason I tried moving away from Codio is because one of my classmates described it as ("the difference between coding on alcohol vs. on caffeine"). And Sylvian is exactly right.
		- The text editor is not good. This is a side effect of the fact that it's not optimized for GUI applications. For modern day development, I highly recommend using a sophisticated GUI based text editor such as VS Code. The features you have in VS Code, such as syntax highlighting, etc. are well worth the price of entry. The extensions you have for VS Code are amazing: bracket pair colorizer, auto-formatting of C code, syntax highlighting, intellisense auto-completion. Coding without all these powerful features seems very backwards to me.
		- Debugging is poor. Due to the lack of GUI optimization, the debugging experience is not as good. In Codio, you have to use the command line debugger GDB. Don't get me wrong, GDB is a full-blown powerful debugger. It is powerful enough for all your needs. But I think it's lacking in terms of user experience. Using VS Code allows you to put a GUI layer on top of GDB, which makes it so much more powerful. Video snippet comparing debugging in VS Code to debugging on the command line.
		- Your learning experience is limited: This is another important one. By doing all of your coding inside a sandbox environment, you're depriving yourself the opportunity to understand and learn how things work under the hood. When you need to program an application on your own outside the context of this course, there are not pre-built sandboxes ready made with all the tools you need. You need to figure that out on your own. So why not use this as an opportunity? Also, learn to set up a development environment that you like and you're comfortable with, and the returns are huge. For me, the experience with VS code is great. I have set up the extensions that I like, and this is a huge win that will translate to all of my coding projects.
	- What's the best solution? Actually, the best solution is to use Ubuntu as a full fledged OS on your machine rather than the VM. Then you can be assured. But here's the catch. You need to use a specific version of Ubuntu which was used in the Codio VM. But it's an old version of Ubuntu that you probably don't want to use for general purpose computing. Anyway, if you can't or don't want to use Ubuntu, and you want to use Windows or Mac, read on for the solution.
	- Mac: The solution is to use Docker.
- Landlord
	- Hi Dan. Since you are in clear violation of California law on security deposits (see link below), and since you have not responded to my numerous messages and phone calls, I believe I have no choice but to pursue legal recourse.
- Meeting with [[Bret Gundersen]]
	- Talk to Matt Freestone about Analytics cross-device stitching.
		- Matt runs into a lot of use cases for QS.
		- Customers use QS for validation of number
	- About
		- Bret Worked with AA for 14 years.
		- Spent 1 year on AEP; ran Unified Profile, Identity, and Experience Edge. Formerly doing [[Asa Whillock]]'s role.
		- Now responsible for all AA product management
	- Team
		- Ben Gaines - PM for primary user interfaces: Analysis Workspace, Excel tool, etc.; front end
		- John Bates - PM for back-end processing, data science (anomaly detection, etc.), AI/ML; owns AA data warehouse; privacy and security.
			- Marijka Engel - owns DWH
			- DONE Talk to Marika Engel on DWH / AEP
		- Colin Morris - PM for data collection and metadata / classification data.
		- Trevor - will soon report to Ben.
		- Dave, John - to John Bates
	- CJA
		- Cuts through all areas of AA.
		- Started small, with Trevor. But long term vision is to all of AA on to CJA / AEP.
	- Dependencies on AEP
		- AA DWH needs to be ported
		- Reporting needs to be ported
		- Etc.
	- How do customers view Adobe?
		- Customers IT don't want to replace the entire DWH;
		- E.g. even for Adobe, DDOM cannot be replaced by AEP
	- Priorities for QS
		- Main use case will be bulk export of data from AA DWH to customer's DWH
		- How to solve that use case is the main priority. Users don't know SQL very well.
- [[Niantic]] interview with [[Nitin Iyer]]
	- Role: Special Projects PM
	- Role, three things
		- Help with org process, efficiency, goal setting, etc.
		- Strategic projects 1-2 months; recommendations, adding resources, etc.; e.g. velocity across the company
		- Individual PM work; shipping features, product spec
	- Niantic strategy
		- Individual games - build more AR games
		- Platform - build a platform for developers
	- Reflection
		- The guy never smiled - which was annoying!
		- I think I did well. I need to polish my stories better. Especially on "tell me about your achievement"
		- I did zero research on the company. This was bad. I should do at least 30 mins research on a company before going into an interview (screening / HR interviews don't count). Figure out the company's strategy, and why I want to work there.
- [[EMBA]] W6: E-Commerce and Managing Knowledge
	- Discussion 1
		- Response
			- Implications for customers: The trend of ubiquitous and widespread mobile devices with internet connectivity significantly lowers the barrier of entry for consumers who want to participate in the internet economy. This is especially true of developing countries such as India and China (which together account for nearly one half of the global population). Rather than having to purchase an expensive desktop device together with a wired internet connection (which is impossible for many customers), customers are able to use cheap mobile devices with cheap mobile plans to participate in the internet economy. For example, in the year 2020, "India’s smartphone market surpassed the US for the first time on an annual level" (“25 years of mobile phones: India’s journey to becoming world’s second-largest smartphone market,” 2020). This is an indication of the massive influx of new customers into the internet economy.
			  
			  Implications for businesses: The major implication for businesses of this trend (especially for large businesses) is that they need to have a strategy for capturing the Indian and Chinese markets. As the western markets are becoming saturated because internet penetration has already reached near peak levels and is stabilizing, the new wave of growth is going to come from Indian and Chinese markets. Estimates suggest that the ecommerce market in India will quadruple over the next four years (Moneycontrol News, 2020). Businesses will battle it out for this increased market size. There will be a lot of competition between global multinational firms and local Indian and Chinese firms for these new customers. I am curious to see how this plays out! 
			  
			  References
			  
			  25 years of mobile phones: India’s journey to becoming world’s second-largest smartphone market. (2020). Retrieved from https://yourstory.com/2020/07/india-mobile-phones-smartphone-market-25-years
			  
			  Moneycontrol News. (2020, January 20). Over the last few years, India has witnessed an exponential growth in internet usage. After China, Indian is the biggest online market in the world, with over 560 million internet users, data collated by Statista showed (Image: Reuters). Retrieved from https://www.moneycontrol.com/news/technology/india-2nd-largest-internet-consumer-social-media-online-shopping-preferred-activities-4831741-5.html
		- Prompt
			- According to the article below, mobile phones are predicted to become the most common Internet access device vs. traditional desktop or laptop computers.
			- https://www.cnbc.com/2019/01/24/smartphones-72percent-of-people-will-use-only-mobile-for-internet-by-2025.html
			- What are the implications to both businesses and consumers of this trend?
	- Discussion 2
		- Response
			- Balancing personalization vs. privacy is an extremely tricky task for businesses in the modern internet economy. 
			  
			  The case for privacy: On the one hand, customers seem to care a lot about the privacy of their personal data. A survey of US adults found that "97% of respondents are somewhat or very concerned about protecting their personal data" (Sterling, 2019). Therefore it seems that online businesses should be extremely careful in the way they collect and make use of customers' personal data for the business purposes of personalization, targeting, advertising, etc.
			  
			  The case against privacy: On the other hand, customers also care a lot about getting free ad-supported applications even if it comes at the cost of privacy. For example, another survey found that of the customers surveyed, "58 Percent Prefer Ad-Based Apps To Paid, Freemium Models" (Sterling, 2016). So how do we balance customer's demand for privacy against their seeming preference for free ad-supported models?
			  
			  The solution: I think the solution to the above dilemma is increased consent and information. Customers should be able to explicitly opt-in to the collection of their personal data. Those who value privacy more will not choose to opt in (and will perhaps instead pay for applications), while those who value privacy less may choose to opt in (and get the benefits of free ad-supported applications).
			  
			  
			  References:
			  
			  Sterling, G. (2019, December 4). Nearly all consumers are concerned about personal data privacy, survey finds. Retrieved from https://marketingland.com/nearly-all-consumers-are-concerned-about-personal-data-privacy-survey-finds-272129
			  
			  Sterling, G. (2016, April 6). Survey: 58 Percent Prefer Ad-Based Apps To Paid, Freemium Models. Retrieved from https://marketingland.com/survey-proclaims-consumer-preference-ad-supported-apps-daa-readies-mobile-appchoices-105463
		- Prompt
			- Even though millions of people use the Web every day, many companies have found ways to personalize their interfaces with individual customers. That is a remarkable feat when you think about it. The Internet has unbundled the information about products and services from the actual products and services. Shopping for a car today is different, as opposed to how it might have been ten years ago. Unbundling of information is disrupting traditional business models in an interesting way.
			- This personalization of Internet access can be very convenient, but it can also be quite bothersome. For example, have you ever noticed when you do a search for something like a trip or make a particular purchase, that you are then immediately displayed advertisements relating to that very thing? How does a business balance the public’s desire for anonymity in Internet usage vs. collecting information needed to provide such personalization?
	- Week 6 Assignment: Knowledge Management Systems
		- Assignment {{word-count}}
			- Intro
				- In this essay I will first analyze the problems of doing business without a focus on modern methods by looking at the case of Canadian Tire. In this section I will discuss the changing communication preferences of modern customers and how modern brands need to adapt to these changing preferences. Then, in the next section I will analyze one successful example of a modern business that has adapted itself to the modern customer demands: this will be a case study on Etsy. Finally, in the last section, I will consider what is one of the most distinctive advantages of Etsy's modern approach to business — its focus on community. In this last section I will discuss why community is so important and how Etsy fosters community.
			- The problems of doing business without a focus on modern methods: the case of Canadian Tire
				- In the year 2020, customers have radically different expectations about how brands should communicate with them and engage with them compared to just 20 years ago. The modern customer, especially those of the younger demographic, are used to communicating by very different methods than those of the previous generation. Whereas the previous generation of customers were comfortable with communication by mail, or via catalogues, modern customers have gone through several evolutions and revolutions since then. First there was the email revolution where people shifted form snail mail to email. Then there was the mobile revolution where customers shifted to text message and SMS based communication. Then there was the social media revolution where customers shifted to social media platforms for communication (such as Facebook and Twitter). Now, we are perhaps in the midst of yet another revolution where the old social media platforms such as Facebook are considered outdated and are being replaced by a new breed of social media platforms such as Snapchat and Tik Tok. Given this context of shifting consumer behavior and communication patterns over the past 20 years or so, what is described about Canadian Tire in the assignment sounds hopelessly out of date and out of touch with the modern consumer. The assignment describes Canadian Tire as using "daily mailings and thick product catalogues to inform its dealers about new products, merchandise setups, best practices, product ordering, and problem resolution." As discussed above, this is a severely outdated method of communication and it seems to be behind actual consumer preferences by several evolutions.
				- So what should a company like Canadian Tire do to become more modernized in the way it communicates with its customers? According to Sprout Social, "The beauty of social media for retail is that you can engage with people at just about any point of the customer lifecycle" (“How to master social media for retail and win more customers,” 2020). What this suggests is that communicating with customers happens at all stages of the customer journey from customers discovering your products, to customers trying the product, to customers purchasing the product, and even after customers purchase the product to stay engaged with the brand. An example of a successful company that has leveraged the modern model of engaging with customers at all stages of the customer journey is Etsy.
			- Etsy's business model and revenue model
				- Etsy's business in a nutshell is a two-sided marketplace which connects buyers with sellers of homemade arts and crafts. Let us see what value Etsy offers to both buyers and sellers. For buyers, the value proposition is as follows: rather than searching through the countless websites and online stores of individual merchants to find the right product, Etsy offers a centralized marketplace where buyers can be confident that they are getting a quality product from a quality seller. The marketplace has an in-built mechanism of trust, verification, and reviews which give the buyers confidence to buy on Etsy rather than on the websites of individual merchants. On the other hand, Etsy's value proposition for sellers is as follows: sellers should come to the Etsy platform because that's where the customers are. Rather than having to make your own individual merchant website and store, set up your own payment processing system and go through all of that hassle, and then reach out to customers to convince them to come to your website, Etsy can take all that hassle away from merchants. Merchants can deploy their store on Etsy in just a few minutes and have access to the entire Etsy customer base.
				- How Etsy makes money is very simple to understand — it simply takes a cut (a revenue percentage) of all transactions that occur on the marketplace. In this respect, it's quite similar to business such as eBay and Amazon which we are all familiar with. As noted by Jungleworks, "The business model of Etsy can be described as somewhat similar to Amazon or eBay, but with the difference that Etsy provides an amazing value to both buyers and sellers" (JungleWorks, 2020). The key aspect we need to focus on is the second half of the quote about how Etsy is differentiated from familiar marketplaces such as eBay and Amazon. The quote says that Etsy provides "amazing value" to both buyers and sellers? But what exactly is this "amazing value?" That's where Etsy's secret sauce comes into the picture. In a word, the answer is "community." Etsy's secret sauce is that it creates a community for its buyers and sellers. I will explore this in more detail in the next section.
			- Etsy's secret sauce: community
				- Why is community so important for Etsy? This goes back to the changing demographics and the culture values of modern customers which I touched upon in the first section of this essay. The modern customer doesn't simply want to purchase a product; rather, they want the products they purchase and the companies from which they purchase these products to be an expression of their own identity and values. Why does a customer shop at Whole Foods or buy a Prius? Not just for the benefits that the product offers, but also due to the sense of belonging that they get and the sense of identity they derive from being part of the "environmentally conscious" movement. As noted in a recent Forbes article, "to be impactful, brands need to build communities that go beyond selling a product and provide value and support for members" (Karpis, 2018). It is this sense of community that keeps customers around for the long run and makes them happy to pay a premium for the products and services.
				- How does Etsy foster and nurture its community? According to O'Reilly's textbook on building an Etsy business, the main community features offered by Etsy are: Etsy forums, Etsy teams, Etsy online labs, and Etsy events (“Starting an Etsy Business For Dummies, 2nd Edition,” 2020). Etsy forums offers a way for sellers to connect and have discussions with other sellers. You can introduce yourself, ask for help and feedback, share success stories, and so on. Etsy teams is the next step in a seller's community journey. Once you find a group of like-minded sellers through the forums, you can form a collaborative team based on shared interests, shared geographies, etc. If you don't find an Etsy team that matches your interests, you are free to start your own! Etsy Online Labs is a feature of Etsy where they offer coaching and learning services to their sellers. They teach their sellers about basic business skills such as accounting, marketing, search engine optimization, and so on. Finally, there is Etsy events which offer live in-person events where sellers can form real life relationships with each other and bring their virtual teams to life. It is through a combination of all these features that Etsy manages to keep its vibrant community alive and flourishing.
			- References
				- How to master social media for retail and win more customers. (2020). Retrieved from https://sproutsocial.com/insights/social-media-for-retail/
				- JungleWorks. (2020, January 29). Etsy Business & Revenue Model Explained: How Etsy Works & Makes Money. Retrieved from https://jungleworks.com/etsy-business-revenue-model-explained-how-etsy-works-makes-money/
				- Karpis, P. (2018, November 29). Why Building Community Is Critical To Your Brand’s Success. Retrieved from https://www.forbes.com/sites/paulinaguditch/2018/11/29/why-building-community-is-critical-to-your-brands-success/
				- Starting an Etsy Business For Dummies, 2nd Edition. (2020). Retrieved from https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/starting-an-etsy/9781118590096/27_9781118590096-ch19.html
		- Prompt
			- One of Canada’s largest companies, [Canadian Tire](http://m.canadiantire.ca/en.html), sells a wide range of goods and services. The retail outlets are independently owned and operated. The company was using daily mailings and thick product catalogues to inform its dealers about new products, merchandise setups, best practices, product ordering, and problem resolution. It is looking for a better way to provide employees with human resources and administrative documents.
			- The headquarters can use a daily or weekly email newsletter to disseminate a “heads up” to its retail outlet dealers that encourages them to review the Web site for new products and services, best practices, and problem resolution. A section of the Web site can be established for social interaction between dealers and retail outlets and the headquarters staff to share information and best practices. The knowledge management information system can capture input on the social network and incorporate it into other information in the knowledge management system.
			- A company such as [Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/), which is an online marketplace for handmade items and art and craft supplies, strives to build a community among buyers and sellers.
			- In a 2-3 page essay, describe the problems created by doing business without a focus on modern methods and how knowledge management systems might help. Provide options for solutions. Select a business such as Etsy and analyze its operation. Include responses to the following questions in your essay.
				- What is the business model and revenue model?
				- How does the company's website, headquarters, and/or storefronts reflect the culture and values of the company?
				- How important is “community” to the business? Describe all the community-building features found on the business' website.
			- Your essay should be 2-3 pages in length and fully explore all of the following items described above. Include at least 2 outside citations (not including your text) and use proper APA formatting.
			- Due: Sunday at midnight, CT
			- Points Possible: 50
	- CPT Memo
		- Focus
			- E-Commerce and Managing Knowledge
		- Topics
			- One major focus this week was on ecommerce. We learned about how ecommerce companies operate, how their business models and revenue models function, how their marketing organizations function, and we paid special attention to the question of how ecommerce needs to change in light of the modern customer requirements and preferences. How should ecommerce companies adapt themselves to the changing consumer preferences around communication, social media, etc. Then we also focused on how knowledge management systems can be used by ecommerce companies to help with this and what are the best practices for knowledge management to improve business outcomes.
		- AEP
			- As a Product Manager for Adobe Experience Platform (AEP), I need to be deeply aware of ecommerce and managing knowledge. The ecommerce industry is one of the biggest sources of AEP's customers. Several ecommerce companies use AEP to help them improve their data management systems (including knowledge and information) and to help them better engage with their consumers better. As such, I need to be aware of best practices in ecommerce and knowledge management so that I can connect with customers and better advise them on their challenges (especially because understanding customer needs is a major part of a product manager's job responsibilities).
- Collateral review with [[Meera Srinivasan]] and [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	- Priority for Nikhil
		- Query for CJA deck - prioritize
-