- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - I finished my hackathon project yesterday, yay! Rukma is right. I should be very proud of myself. I've been meaning to do this for a long time, and I finally did it! Of course, there are improvements that I can do on several counts, but it's a start, and it's an end to end project. That's really great. So what did I learn from this? I learned a bit about modeling, though of course I could learn more. And I learned about deployment. We build a model from the AAF dataset, trained it on GCP / Azure using the fastai API. Then we used Binder and Voila for the deployment. Model training could be improved both on the infrastrcture front and on the code front. On infrastructure, I'm not really learning how to use the tools properly. Why does Azure keep timing out for example? How do I make use of the experiment features in Azure ML? That would be a good learning exercise to go through. Next, the model code. What exactly is going on in the learn.fine_tune method? Can I do some more advanced stuff? I think this is a good place for me to go past the basic lessons and try the advanced ones. A good way to understand where I am now is that I've completed the first three or two lessons of fastai 2020 and it's now time to go on to the next lessons. I should treat it as a proper course. Then finally there's the deployment part, and it could probably be improved beyond Voila and Binder. I can learn how to make my model an API end-point. Learn about REST APIs. OK. There are a lot of cool things I can keep doing. I'm glad I made progress on this. The hackathon was a really cool learning opportunity.
			 - DONE Shut down Azure ML

			 - DONE Continue fastai course and make a separate github org #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Side-Projects]] #Someday

		 - What else other than hackathon? I do want to finish that docker video, lol! I think I'm so close, but now I may not have access to the codio environments anymore. I should do it quickly while I still have some chance of access.

		 - New courses are starting this week! With these courses, I really want to get into the pattern of making permanent notes. This is the easiest way to start. Every week I should consolidate the evergreen notes for that week at least. And then study for midterm and final will be so easy. I have a data structures course and an algorithms course. Quite excited about both. Sorry, not algorithms, it's operating systems. In any case, excited about both. I've heard great things about both of these courses, and I'm excited to do them well!
			 - Update MCIT evergreen notes #[[MCIT]]

		 - What are my quarterly goals for the rest of the year? Related to course? How can this course span only a quarter? It'll be a quarter plus several extra weeks towards the end. I think the semester is 16 weeks. So one week before the quarter starts, and three weeks after? That's a lot. Probably 15 weeks. Last two weeks of December should be off. 
			 - DONE Add MCIT courses to Roam

		 - Any other goals? Or what's the course goal? Just complete the course? I guess. Anything extra curricular? Projects of any kind? Writing, yes! That's the only other thing. 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		 - Did all tasks pulled in for the day. Made good progress on MCIT too! :) 

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - 7pm: 300g carnitas, 150g black beans, 15g sour cream, 50g spring mix, 100g fajita veg, 120g apple, 150g greek yogurt

		 - 9pm: 100g greek yogurt 

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- CJA deck update

- Query Service: Data Prep, Orchestration, and Enterprise Sync with [[Keshav Vadrevu]], [[Aniket]], and [[Sanjay Kumar Gupta]]
	 - Sanjay: Is SQL the right solution for Data Prep? It has lot of limitations, like it can't even do loops! Answer: SQL is not the final solution.

	 - We do not expose a lot of control flow using DAG / DSL. There should be other operators in addition to SQL. 

	 - This is the first time we're opening up Orchestration service to customers. SQL might be an easier phased approach to start this, before we start exposing Python and others.

	 - POC
		 - Need to do a quick POC to determine next steps.

		 - Architect: Raman

		 - Engineers

	 - Mocks
		 - Make sequence diagrams for the user journey

- DONE fastai project improvements #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Side-Projects]] #Someday
	 - Deploy to Heroku (reduce slug-size)

- Google keep
	 - {DONE}} Tea #[[Projects]]-Shopping #Projects

	 - DONE Wall decor ontask list 

	 - DONE Movies list #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Dad flights online 

	 - DONE Sunscreen #[[Projects]]-Shopping

	 - DONE https://overcast.fm/+HV3dTiOuo VBW Dostoevsky #[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil #Projects

	 - DONE https://overcast.fm/+HV3dTiOuo Modern Python developer toolkit #[[Projects]]-Read-later #Projects

	 - DONE Internet change to Nikhil's name #[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil #Projects

- DONE Publish Home Depot and Best Buy customer call notes #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #Projects 

- ADFs for CJA
	 - Master list of functions: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/ACA/DV2+%28Data+Views+2.0%29+Requirements+Page

	 - Sessionization: https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/analytics/components/virtual-report-suites/vrs-mobile-visit-processing.html

	 - Attribution: https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/analytics/analyze/analysis-workspace/attribution/models.html

- Query Service Cost Estimation and Metering with [[Paul Mackles]]
	 - Principal Architect responsible for what we build on top of Databricks.

	 - Ticket: QS batch job is for a single tenant - can we get cost center tags to it? Answer is no. Databricks made a bunch of changes

	 - DONE Integrate Paul's metering SDK listener into QS #QS-CG #Projects
		 - - keeps track of Spark metrics and publish to observability; we can tie to imsOrgID, serviceId, and SandboxID.

		 - This will give us all the observability metrics

		 - Doesn't account for idle time (but that time is small)

	 - It's already possible to get cost by workspace.
		 - Look in the wiki page > click usage

	 - Architecture
		 - Batch is single tenant but it uses a shared subscription. Interactive is multi-tenant. Job itself is single tenant, and the VMs are single tenant. But if another job comes, then we wipe the VM and start a new job.

	 - Cost model
		 - Paul has a cost model wiki

	 - Agenda
		 - Can we break down cost by workspace?

		 - Can we break down by IMS org?

		 - What about interactive?

- Best buy times
	 - Tuesday 9/1, 11am PT

	 - Wednesday 9/2, 11am PT

	 - Thursday 9/3, 11:30am PT 

- Trevor / Nikhil: AEPQS-CJA Sync with [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - Performance testing
		 - [[Josh Butikofer]] is working on benchmarking queries on Sony dataset. Results are pretty encouraging so far.

		 - 1 day data (1 - 5 Billion rows) is returning in 5 min (QS) whereas in AW/P (15 sec)

		 - {DONE}} Pull query performance data from Grafana - can it be pulled into AEP?

	 - Agenda
		 - ADFs wiki

		 - Performance wiki

		 - Field based stitching

- Saurabh Nikhil 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - DONE AEP Query UI Walkthrough deck 

	 - Query orchestration
		 - Dashboarding use case: What datasets are feeding into a report? How are the datasets getting refreshed? What are the queries? 

		 - {DONE}} Need a UI view for scheduled and orchestrated queries. 

	 - Performance testing
		 - {DONE}} Add Batch to performance testing
			 - Batch performance: Is QS scalable for stitching? Ask Sunish Verma about Home Depot field based stitching.

		 - {DONE}} Add joins to Adhoc performance testing

	 - DONE What's the row limit for Query Service UI output?

	 - Agenda
		 - OKR Review

		 - Issues with Anil / Eng: I need visibility into the backlog review / sprint planning; Can I bring this up with Meera + Anil?

- Create table not working in DBVisualizer with [[Nick Hecht]]
	 - Best Buy
		 - Use DBVis because it integrates with their other system.

		 - They do CTAS queries, but this is not possible in DBVis. No feedback from QS. Creates table, but doesn't execute the query.

		 - Workaround is cumbersome. They need to export query results and then ingest data to DBViz.

		 - DONE Is the problem only for CTAS or also INSERT INTO? ask Anil.

		 - Best Buy just licensed CJA (not AEP intelligence).

	 - General Query Service
		 - {DONE}} By default, CTAS query should not create ad-hoc schema; instead it should use source schema. Also, table inserting into needs "observable schema". Cannot insert data into a table if it's the first time. Nick Hecht should create Jira. #[[Projects]]-QS-misc #Projects

	 - DONE Set up a meeting to review QS roadmap with PLATO team: Eric, Kevin, Sagar, Nick #[[[[Projects]]-Work-someday]]

	 - Agenda
		 - DBVisualizer: have you heard this ask from other customers? Or is it just Best Buy?

		 - What are general usage patterns for QS? E.g. BestBuy said DBVisualizer or API are two main methods. Is this consistent across other customers?

		 - What other requests do you have?

		 - Roadmap validation.

- Working on [[MCIT-594]] 
	 - DONE  shrink array
		 - │  ├─ testRemoveByIndex ✘ MyArrayList.remove(int) does not shrink array when number of elements is 25% of array size
