- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - Hello! Start of Week 16! Had a really nice weekend. 

		 - Watched [[Gangs of Wasseypur]] by [[Anurag Kashyap]] this weekend. It was an amazing saga of a film. It's the OG Indian mob film that laid the groundwork for shows such as Sacred games and Mirzapur. It's heavily influenced by the gangster genre - Godfather, Once upon a time in America, maybe Scarface. But obviously it adds its own unique flavor to it. My favorite character was Sardar (played by Manoj Bajpai) - he had an energy to him that couldn't be matched by anyone else. His zest for life, mixed with his mission in life, together with the psycho killer element. He must have carried some psycho killer gene, because most of his kids seem to have inherited it too. Or is it the culture and environment they grew up in?

		 - What else? This week I'll get the results of several of my interviews. In order of hopefulness, I'm most hopeful about DC AI role, followed by FB, then G. Why FB even though I royally screwed up the Product Sense? Not sure. I just think there's some off chance. But anyway, I'll be hearing some news this week. I need to brace myself for this news. Be calm. It may be all rejections, which is fine. I need to be prepared for that. In which case, life is still ok. I'll keep applying to new jobs, meanwhile be quite chill about my job. Both will have to happen in parallel. I mean, I'll keep submitting applications every now and then. Apply in a chill way. I think now I'm quite prepared to have conversations. No real need for much prep. After the FB L&D interviews, I think I'm good. I can talk to anybody. But also, not getting a new job is not the end of the world. This is something I should discuss with Jurgen today. Even if I don't get a new job, I should be calm. Obviously, it would be great to get a new job, but it may not happen. Or it may not happen right now. In which case I should be totally chill.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- DONE QS Anjul update #[[QS-misc]] #2021-W17 [[April 27th, 2021]]
	 - SQL Explore & SQL Prep - customer issues 

	 - SQL Explore & SQL Prep - roadmap

- GTD
	 - DONE Extra Beach lounge chair #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Subramaniapuram #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Joji (malyalam Mcbeth) #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Duvet cover Austin

- Anjul review update with [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]

- [[MBAs at Adobe - community conversations]] Legacy
	 - [What is the Legacy You Want to Leave](https://www.ted.com/talks/ayan_aden_what_is_the_legacy_you_want_to_leave)

	 - My legacy letter from 80 yr old self
		 - I believe that a person dies two deaths
			 - First - normal death

			 - Second - last time someone says or remembers you

		 - Drive for accomplishment and legacy
			 - I've been driven by this sense of ambition to do something great - something that will leave a legacy

			 - Several of my life choices have been dictated by this ambition - what I choose to study, what I choose to work on.

		 - Negative effects of the drive
			 - Anxiety and stress.

			 - I've been working with a therapist for the past year.

			 - Driven by other peoples' sense of success. There's a conflict between this and what I intrinsically want. To enjoy the simple pleasures of life.

		 - Family
			 - Now that I'm married, I feel like I've been given a second chance.

			 - We plan to start a family and have kids

		 - Joy in small things
			 - Be loving and kind to other people

			 - Find joy in the simple things in life - traveling, enjoying a nice cup of coffee in the morning, good food, conversations with friends and family

		 - Conclusion
			 - My therapist says I won't find this enough. It takes a lot of work.

	 - My struggle of ambition vs simple life really resonated with everyone... this is one of the main topics that everyone is thinking about. 

	 - Themes
		 - Success vs. happiness - is this a choice?

- Query Service UI meeting with [[Matt Colon]], [[Janhavi]]
	 - QS UI overall
		 - Janhavi is currently focused on Lookalike modeling; after that will be freed up to focus on Query Service.

		 - After that Janhavi can start focusing on QS

	 - Anil QS update
		 - Covid has impacted India team

		 - Will come back end of month

	 - DONE Post update on QS UI channel; Anil will update within 24 hours; Anil will commit to it by end of may

	 - 

- DONE LASA updates from [[Kevin Foster]]
	 - LASA IMS: 14B422CE52782FA90A490D4D@AdobeOrg

	 - basically take a known url, for example https://dx-aaui-qa.dev.cloud.adobe.io/#/organizations/view/5D1328435BF324E90A49402A@AdobeOrg , and replace the orgID there at the end with the orgID you want to look up.

- AEP Dashboards Update
	 - DONE Product requirements for capability matrix and call out MVP scope

	 - DONE John and Nate needs to be invited to reporting huddles (when there's more time)

	 - Anil proposing that we break out the ARB process into data model consumption vs. data model creation

	 - John to create draft of data model consumption and 

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Agenda
		 - LASA updates!

		 - Aishwarya issues - don't have data

	 - Issues with Aishwarya
		 - Get the data

	 - Custom dashboards
		 - DONE Update PPC date to May last week - talk to Meera

	 - DONE Update Meera / Anil TRP + Expedia

- Meeting with  on Anjul update [[Anil Malkani]] and [[Saurabh Mahapatra]] 
	 - How is the product being adaptive

	 - SQL Explore - problems
		 - No idea how long query will run

	 - SQL Prep - problems
		 - Customers don't know how to do data prep

		 - Customers can't create data prep pipelines

- Meeting with HR on [[DC AI PM Interview]]
	 - Agenda (if offer)
		 - What are the offer terms? Senior PM. Salary and benefits.

		 - When to talk to my manager? Verbal offer first then we talk to my manager

		 - How much time do I have to decide?

	 - General
		 - Great feedback on me - but decision will be tomorrow

		 - Sr PM vs PM - 

	 - Timeline
		 - Tomorrow - decision

		 - If decision goes my way, by end of week I'll have an official offer

- DONE Shiv update  [[April 20th, 2021]]

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - I have an undirected sense of "I need to do better". 

	 - Part of OCD - trying to conform to a perfection for myself.

	 - Unhappiness cycle starts during the end of the weekend

	 - I'm always making a list and goals - and then getting unhappy that I don't meet my goals

	 - When I turn something into a task or list, I shut down

	 - List of big things I want
		 - Free from OCD

		 - Free from dissatisfaction 

	 - ^ Above list is too negative - things I don't want

	 - Restating my dilemma is not helping - saying I am stuck

	 - Feel like my parents have abandoned me - I'm lonely but I"m trying to not be lonely - I'm trying to get that sense of security back

	 - Next time when we talk - record the session and re-listen

	 - Feels like I've given up - don't give up

	 - Getting stuck in loops all the time
