- GTD
	 - DONE 1-1 C Pairings #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] [[November 4th, 2021]]

	 - DONE RN resume feedback #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W44
		 - Several formatting inconsistencies
			 - 2nd page is blank

			 - Line after "education" but not after any other section

			 - Date indentation for Crossover Director role is inconsistent

	 - DONE Movie club membership #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - TODO Phone sabbaticals to weekly list #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - DONE HDMI cable

	 - DONE Sheets and duvet set #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Baking sheets

	 - DONE Aluminum foil

	 - TODO Focusing by Eugene book #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

	 - TODO Meditation for fidgety skeptics  meditation book #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

	 - DONE Backpack from unorthodox for rukma #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Guest towel set #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Hang paintings and curtain #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Home]]

	 - DONE Renew Strattera prescription #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W47

	 - DONE Refillable salt shaker pepper too

- [[Mindbloom - Ketamine]] - [[micro-journal]]
	 - Listening to the quote from Oprah about how we need to get out of the little mind and remember that we have a big mind behind it. Our life is bigger than any one experience. Relax, it's gonna be OK.

	 - What's a fictional journey I can go on? What was the last journey I had? I need to journey again soon. This weekend is a good time. The next two weekends I should journey.

	 - Fractals going through space. Music puts him in another world. The little taps of the music indicate transportation to the other world.

	 - What if... the entire world was underwater? How would life be different? What would my day be like? I wake up, and I take a deep breath. What is this breath? I'm breathing through my gills. Is that how I breathe in water? I guess. Then my eyes slowly open. I'm wearing contact lenses, but they're a special kind that can work underwater. Am I sleeping in my bed? Yes, for now assume I am. I go in an out of sleep a few times, and then I'm up. I cuddle with Rukma in bed underwater. Then I get up and I want to have a drink of water. Or is it air? I open my water bottle, and I take a big gulp of air. Then I take my daily medicines. I get out my clothes for the day. They're soaked in water obviously. They're made of a special waterproof material that's meant for underwater dwellers. Then, I go to the bathroom to shower and get ready for the day. Is there a toilet? Yes, for some reason there is. I use the toilet, and I flush it. Then I step into the shower. What does the shower do? I guess there's really no need for a shower. It puts out hot water rather than cold water? Maybe that's what it does.

- LM Sync w [[Matthew Hardy]], [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - DTM for Android

- 
