- 1-1 [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Deepak slides
		 - I want to remove Install audience

		 - Ask for comments on last slide text

	 - DocGen
		 - Live demo

		 - Templates no TOC

	 - DONE Coordinate lunch for

	 - DONE Deepak slides - make both versions and ask Randy - add reasoning for both

	 - DONE Doc Gen updates for next version #[[[[Projects]]-LM-APIs]]
		 - Improvements for next time - copy and text (to emphasize that it is not meant for customers)

		 - Get feedback from developers on the copy

		 - Make a list of engineering and product issues to be fixed
			 - Templates to update

			 - Chrome browser issue

		 - Make sure analytics are getting logged in the correct way - create AA dashboards

	 - DONE Meeting next Thurs - to discusss LM embed API

	 - 

- [[USA-Immigration]] GC interview prep call
	 - Agenda
		 - Address history - Rukma's address and our travel

	 - During the interview they'll go thru the application

	 - DONE Additional things to bring
		 - Proof of address for 899 Alegre Pl - USPS change of address confirmations

		 - All passports ever issued

		 - Review H1B filing job description

		 - Documents to establish marriage
			 - Lease

			 - Bank account

			 - 2020 taxes

			 - Car insurance

			 - Financial beneficiary docs

			 - Credit card add-ons

			 - Photos - 20+
				 - Yale

				 - Engagement

				 - Civil Union

				 - Pooja / Dec

				 - Piyush / Monica / Thanksgiving

				 - Udit / Rohan / Denver

				 - Austin - Neha / Shobha

				 - Moni + Rahul pics

- [[Mindbloom - Ketamine]] Journey 2
	 - Set up and set intentions - 15 mins
		 - De-identify from my voice of anxiety and connect with a larger consciousness.

		 - Manifest love and kindness.

	 - Journey - 1h15m

	 - Journal - 30m
		 - Just got out of the trip. In fact I still have my headhpnoes on playing the binaural track. Also have my eye mask just above my eyes, stuck under my headphones!

		 - This trip was defintely less intense than my first trip, but still really cool! I think it lasted much less too. Even before the hour was up, I was kind of itching to open my eyes and starting to get bored. The intense part of the trip was probably just the first 10 minutes or so.

		 - In the beginning, I was transported into rand land. Instead of Mat and Rand, it was me and Rukma. I remember mostly me, though. I think we were going into Rhuidian, and there was some underwater layer that we went into. There were Aes Sedai leading us and taking care of us.

		 - I recall that under the water, there were large lotus leafs for us to sit on. We had to sit and meditate, and then there were golden colored portals in front of us as we were meditating. The Aes Sedai were serving us and treating us as some very important people.

		 - Then I felt some power surge through me, and I felt as if I was one with the universe. I got transported into Brandon Sanderson's Mistborn world as if I were Vin in the final scenes, becoming one with all the powers. I was able to sense gods inside me, outside me, within me, without me. There was no separation of inside and outside.

		 - I understood what it felt like to have no separation of inside and outside of consciousness. Everything was one. I was one with the universe. It was like a mind-meld, or I forget the word, ah, singularity. Like at the end of Evangelion where everything is united in a singularity. That's what it felt like. I was one with the universe. With all things. With all beings. There was love permeating everything. 

		 - Oh, the music track just ended. I wonder how much the music influences my experience? How do we even choose the music? 

		 - This was very well designed, the entire experience. I feel the sense of one-ness with the universe. 

		 - There were also dragons. I was riding the dragon, and Rukma was there with me. Though this may have been a forced visualization, because I tried to remind myself of the dragon ride from last time. But the Rhuidian visuals in the beginning were totally out of the blue.

		 - Notice habit loops! I just noticed that I was picking at my skin... a bad habit loop. That's gear 1, noticing the habit loop.

		 - Now, how do I bring the insights from my journey or trip into my life? Keep reminding myself that this larger sense of self exists, behind the small selves.

		 - As Tucker and Oprah say - there's always the big mind that's behind all the little minds. The ketamine journey brings me in touch with my big mind. With THE big mind of the universe. 

	 - Read zossima book - 30m

	 - DONE Todo / plan for next trip
		 - Remove ads from Spotify

		 - Let Rukma know about the details of the entire trip agenda

		 - Split medicine into individual doses
