- [[Daily journal]]
	 - Today is my second day in Mumbai with Rukma. We arrived yesterday after a long flight, and we relaxed in the morning, then went to spend the day with Rukma's family at her place.

	 - It was a bit of a difficult interaction, because Rukma has a difficult relationship with her immediate family - especially her mom - and this spills over into the interactions that I'm part of. Also, Rukma is having a hard time dealing with her family issues and how to work through them. So I'm trying to strike a balance between supporting her through her issues, while also trying to steer her towards being more gentle, etc. I hope those two are not in conflict, at least I don't think they are. But anyway, this is something she's also working on.

	 - Mostly thinking about wedding planning. I guess I continue to have mixed feelings about the wedding. As with traditional Indian weddings, it's often more for the family than it is for the couple. So on the one hand, I wish it was more about me, and I feel resentful a little bit of my parents for not making it more about me, and making it more about them. But I guess that's the nature of Indian weddings. That part is not too unexpected. Then there's also the issue of most of my friends not being there at the wedding. We did have some friends at the Seattle wedding, and then some friends will be there in India, and then more friends will be there in the US next year. But we kind of made this splitting decision, and didn't insist for all of our friends to make it to the wedding, so we kind of have a fractured attendance. Also, it brings up some negative feelings of inadequacy for me around how popular I am or how liked I am by my friends, and I feel that I may not have done as good a job of maintaining friendships as I should have. How can I see this situation with love and kindness? I can remind myself that I'm very loved. I have a very fulfilling and satisfying life in so many other dimensions. And even with friendships, I have some friendships that are deeply rewarding and satisfying. So, I definitely have a lot of love in my life. Perhaps I'm having an unhealthy comparative view of this as a contest between other people. Comparing myself to how many friends my parents have or some of my other friends have. That's really not healthy. I am a well loved person. And I am a loving person. I have some good friendships in life. Yes, I can probably do a bit more to nurture and sustain and grow some other relationships, but it will happen gently.

	 - What else? Even with family I'm probably not as in touch as I would or should like to be. Well, probably compared to the younger kids of my generation I do a better job, but compared to the previous generation I don't do as good of a job. But now I have an opportunity to reconnect with people, that's great!

	 - How am I doing physically? Need to remind myself that I am worthy of love. Again, I was about to judge myself for letting my body go, not following diet and exercise as much as I should, but I'm reminding myself that nothing positive comes out of this self-judgment habit loop. It's just a poor crutch that I need to let go of.
