- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  8}}
		 - What? I mean what's on my mind?

		 - Thought about quarterly goals yesterday. Emotional wellbeing is on top of the list. Do less things that detract from it and do more things that contribute to it. What detracts from it? Getting stuck in thought loops, resisting my feelings, fighting against my feelings, insisting that I MUST be or feel one way or other. These are all things that detract from my emotional wellbeing. Tensing up constantly. That also contributes. What makes thigns better? Relax. Relaxing my body. Noticing the build up of tension, and releasing it. Stopping the resistance. Instead, greeting the thoughts and emotions with curiosity. Doing more check-ins of how I am feeling and what is my emotion at any given time. I can think of 'breathe' as a shorthand for this cluster of things. Breathe deeply. Notice what emotions and feelings are going on for me in that moment. And then sink into them. That should be the formula.

		 - What else for my emotional wellbeing? Continue to journal about things that are bothering me. What are things that are negatively bothering me right now?

		 - Dad / money issues. Why is this bothering me so much? Hmm... I feel a sense of being controlled, or of not being in control of my money. I feel a sense of being told what to do. I'm trying to avoid an uncomfortable conversation with Akhil - really, it's not that uncomfortable is it? I'm bothered by the usual process of task assignment. What is it that I fear? I fear that I'll lose control of money and finances. OK, no need to get into solution-ing now.

		 - What else? Projects at work. AEP. What's the issue here? I just feel as if I have no control over anything that's going on here. I feel a sense of insignificance and as if I don't matter. I am trying to get out of it. But other than getting out of it, what else should I be doing? Doing more work I guess. Trying to reign things in. What else?

		 - I'm working on recruiting - which is quite closely connected to the above work issue. One is as important as the other. If I didn't feel as strongly negative about my existing job, I wouldn't feel such an intense desire to recruit for other positions. There are some ongoing hiccups with that... but it's alright. There are two promising leads at the moment... although the FB lead is kind of iffy right now given what I learned... but not that bad.

		 - 

- Experience Platform Intelligence: Query Service – Dashboards & SQL deep dive with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]], [[Kevin Foster]], [[Leena Rao]]
	 - DONE Make NM demo available to SC

- Ad hoc meeting with [[John Anderson]]
	 - Helios is behind a feature - dashboard creation

	 - QS times out in 1 min

	 - Add widget > Choose dataset

	 - Choose query model

	 - Dashboard creation workflow
		 - See all fact tables within query model

		 - See dim tables

		 - Visauzliation recommendations based on statistical query

		 - Then we create the dashboards

	 - Open questions
		 - Open questions aorund query models - What's the portability of data models concept? Is it portable across CJA / Marketo / etc. and can it be exported outside AEP?

	 - Requirements clarification
		 - 

- Update for Expedia
	 - Slide on Orchestration

- Meeting with Intelligent Services [[Arava Sai Kumar]], [[Anand Dantu]] on [[QS-export]]
	 - Customers: Dropbox, Workday

	 - Batch / not streaming / cloud storage and local download

	 - AEP Intelligence does not think in terms of Profile;

	 - They tried using 

	 - IS Packaging - stand alone
		 - AEP Foundation service layer - data lake; no profile, no query service

	 - IS packaging - with AEP

	 - Are BI connectors

- [[Expedia]] meeting with [[Bhargava]]
	 - 
