- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - Day 2 of W16. Jurgen tells me that I really dislike my job. This is quite true. This was when I described to him the sadness that always occurs on weekends when I am transitioning from weekend mode to weekday mode. However, I did push back a little that this would occur regardless of what job I'm in. But it is true that I'm currently unhappy in my role.

		 - That leads me to the next thing which is the recruiter conversation about the DC role. It sounds somewhat promising. I will know the final answer by today. So no need to fret about it until then. But when I do come to it, I need a plan for the recruiter conversation. Well, how do I feel about it? I think in the worst case scenario, if that's the best that I can get, since that's my only alternative right now, I'll probably take it. Another thing I can do is push the Google recruiter again when I get the verbal offer. See if that results in anything. 

		 - What are the points that I want to make to the recruiter? That I meet all of the requirements. That I'm currently being considered for Sr roles at other companies. My current situation is that I can stop my search right now and accept this offer, or I can keep looking until I find a Sr PM offer somewhere else. If you make me a Sr PM offer right now, I'll happily accept it and I'll be very excited about it. It will start things off on a good footing. On the other hand if you make me a PM offer, I'll have to think about whether I can do better by continuing my search elsewhere. I might still take it for now, because I like the role, but it just means that I'll be a lot more likely to answer external recruiters' calls when they come knocking at my door with Sr PM offers.

		 - Lead with: I have experience in ML and AI, which is exactly what they need. In addition to the MBA, I'm also doing a part time CS MS.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Metering sync with [[Anil Malkani]], [[Paul Mackles]], [[Xabriel Collazo Mojica]]
	 - Paul's metric
		 - Metering provides a spark listener - tracks both duration and number of resources used; accounts for auto-scaling, etc.

	 - Anil's metric
		 - Total query duration is an approximation

		 - Anil's approach is an approximation - not based on actuals

	 - Paul vs. Anil
		 - Paul says Anil's number will be less (doesn't account for networking, storage, etc.)

		 - Paul predicts it will be a 20% under-estimate

- Call with HR on [[DC AI PM Interview]]
	 - Want to offer me Aditya's team role

	 - No numbers yet

	 - Still saying PM and not S. PM

	 - Next steps
		 - Wait for recruiter to get back

- [[DC AI PM Interview]] advice with [[Bradshaw Rovens]]
	 - Recruiter probably doesn't want to down-level me

	 - Try to find something else that I can ask for other than 

	 - Communicate to recruiter
		 - I have put in a time investment - I'm already up for promotion

		 - I'm also getting Sr. PM interviews

		 - I don't want to start over again

		 - I don't want to make a poor career decision

- [[DC AI PM Interview]] talk to Randy
	 - Hi Randy — I'm thrilled to hear (from Russell) that you'd like to offer me a position on your team! 🎉 Any chance I can get 20 mins on your calendar tomorrow for a quick follow-up discussion? Thanks!

	 - I'm extremely excited about the intellectually stimulating and rewarding AI problems that your team works on and also the diverse and collaborative culture of your team! Moreover, I'm confident that my background and experiences with product management and computer science will make me a great fit for your team.

	 - However, I was somewhat disheartened to learn (from Russell) that the position may be downgraded from Senior PM to PM, because I thought I was interviewing for a Senior PM position. Would you be open to having a brief conversation with me about this? Thanks!

- [[QS-UPS]] with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]], [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Doug Smith]], [[Vasanthi]]
	 - AEP Dashboards vision
		 - V's suggestion: Gartner magic quadrant slide with AEP on top right quadrant

	 - IDC chart - Dashboards

	 - V's ideas
		 - KPI explorer

- 
