- GTD
	 - DONE Movie - in the heights. New West side story 2021

	 - DONE Aspirants

	 - DONE Trekking pokes and water jug to car

	 - DONE Ted Chiang story about feelings and work to therapy.

	 - DONE CeraVe SPF #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE therapy - Sunday morning coffee shop, Saturday Moni

	 - DONE Tip app calculator

	 - DONE I need to order a new wedding ring

- [[Daily journal]]Î
	 - What's on my mind today? {{word-count}}
		 - {{POMO  10}}

		 - Today's journal. What do I want to journal about? How was the weekend? It was good. We had a great time. On Saturday we went to [[Garden of the Gods]] and then hung out with [[Jimmy Negus]] in the evening. Garden of the gods was alright but not that impressive. It was really just a couple of interesting and old rock formations. In terms of natural beauty, I enjoyed [[Rocky Mountain National Park]] much more! RMNP is probably one of the most beautiful natural experiences ever. Just the drive through it is so beautiful, even without going on any hikes in particular. 

		 - What else is going on? How am I doing and feeling in general? I think pretty well. What's going on at work? It's alright. I'm realizing that PM is PM, whether the product is more or less intersting. I'm wondering if I made a mistake by moving out of my old role? But really that one I had so much frustration dealing with people who had ridiculous expectations, organizational dysfunction, and people just not showing up to meetings. Luckily, I haven't experienced anything so bad in comparison. The main problem here seems to be that work hours are a bit elongated due to the India collaboration, but I'm sure I'll find a way around it. Probably will block out some time for myself during the day to do my own thing. What else with work? I do have a call with Waymo coming up tomorrow... should I pursue that? Why not? Can't hurt to at least try and then we'll see where it goes from there. I'm working on some fairly interesting data analysis stuff - or at least not totally boring stuff. Can at least practice SQL and Pandas analysis while I'm at it!

		 - Outside work - EC? Right now I'm just doing the course. It's really easy TBH. Not expending much effort on it. Should be able to do a bit of the side project as well. I mean the business idea exploration. What about writing? I've started and given that up so many times.

		 - Personal? I think things are going well. I've redefined the goals in terms of emotional wellbeing rather than productivity, and I think that's a more reasonable thing to chase. Currently making good progress on that by working with the folks.

		 - 

	 - What do I want to accomplish today?

	 - What did I accomplish today?

	 - What did I eat today?

	 - Anything else?

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

	 - ********

- 1-1 w [[David Parmenter]]
	 - Analytics project with [[Nargol]] 
		 - Project was a mixed bag; we struggled with measuring the right metrics

		 - Union of behavioral features and content features to predict metrics

	 - Goals of LM - multiple reasons
		 - Because it's cool - thought leadership exercise

		 - Gather data on content and behavior
			 - Understand the different types of documents

	 - DONE Feature ideas #[[LM-misc]]
		 - Clickable emails and phone numbers

	 - DONE Understand what behaviors and features drive MAU

	 - David's team and org structure
		 - ML scientists all work for David; work on core tech and Adobe Sign features

		 - Deep Table Models and contract analytics - main project

		 - 

- 1-1 w [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Slide DC KPIs

		 - Wiki Doc Gen

	 - KPI Slide feedback 
		 - Upcoming drivers
			 - too much detail; 

			 - July - on device test for Andoird public beta audience (few thousands audience)

			 - Focus on two points - CoD and Provisional

			 - 

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - DONE July 4 vacation for therapy

	 - Dad's world is emotionally more limited - my life may have been that way without Rukma; dad is very much in a "provider" role or "caretaker" role, but not emotionally available

	 - How does mom deal with this deficit of emotional closeness from dad? Probably my parents don't have a high degree of emotional closeness

	 - Try to understand more about dad's relationship to his parents. Try to make dad more vulnerable in conversations.

	 - Consider having father - son therapy.

	 - Have more 1-1 conversations with parents.
