- Health visit at One Medical
	 - Agenda
		 - Annual

		 - Epididymitis

		 - Canker sores

		 - ADHD

		 - Knee pain

		 - Hip pain

	 - Notes
		 - Ultrasound needed if swelling doesn't subside after 4 weeks.

	 - Follow-up
		 - Yale history

		 - UC history

		 - DONE Vaccine history

		 - DONE Look up centralized EMR solution #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

		 - DONE Ultrasound appointment #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W26

- GTD
	 - DONE Allergy spray

	 - DONE Lord of light #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

	 - DONE Meera [[Saurabh Mahapatra]] feedback #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2021-W26 [[June 30th, 2021]]
		 - Hi Meera — Here is my feedback for Saurabh which you requested:

		 - Overall
			 - Saurabh was one of the best managers I've ever had in my career. He truly cared about my professional and personal development and empowered me to grow as a product manager. I consider him to be my friend and mentor.

		 - Strengths
			 - Delegation and empowerment: Saurabh delegated projects to me and empowered me to own the projects end to end without any micro-management. E.g. he trusted me completely with the Custom Dashboards with Unified Behavior project, and his trust enabled me to own and drive the project end to end.

			 - Coaching and mentoring: Saurabh was always available to coach and mentor me when I ran into problems with projects or with people. He made me feel very comfortable asking for help with interpersonal challenges as well as product challenges. I was able to treat him as a trusted advisor.

			 - Empathy and care: Saurabh really goes the extra mile to let his employees know that he truly cares about their well-being in a professional and personal capacity. E.g. for my annual check-in he wrote me a handwritten letter telling me how much he appreciated my work, and he made my wedding a really special day by bringing together all of my Adobe colleagues from DSW and QS!

		 - Improvement areas
			 - Time management: Saurabh can do a better job of managing his calendar and clarifying to his employees which meetings he will be attending vs. not attending.

- [[DIL]] Document Intelligence Lab meeting
	 - [[Ani Nenkova]] is interested in LM Analytics

- 1-1 w [[Pallav Vyas]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review auto-open analysis

		 - Recurring meeting after shutdown

	 - DONE Metrics to add
		 - Performance - p75 time to first content

		 - Thumbs up / thumbs down

		 - RMAU

		 - How many canceled auto-open? - #LM - AOpen Pref Manually Turned Off

	 - DONE Questions
		 - Why does files per visitor increase after first month?

- 1-1 w [[Chris French]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review platform plan

	 - User testing / user interviews
		 - DONE Ask Srijan + Carl / set up meeting

		 - DONE Come up with general LM survey

	 - Feedback on doc gen interview guide
		 - Probe into the end users

		 - Once we understand - then we can interview the end users ourselves

- 1-1 w [[Steven Bruce]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Mismatch of numbers

		 - Converstion to Presto

		 - Onboarding to AEP

		 - Recurring meeting after shutdown

	 - Usage of raw data
		 - Ad-hoc queries

		 - Tableau dashboards

	 - Sumit's team
		 - We used to have 50% of Marcos' time dedicated to our team, but not anymore

		 - Tina now does some work for us - dashboards

		 - DONE Ask Bea / Aditya about bringing Tableau capability in-house

		 - DONE Set up time with Sanika to understand analytics

	 - DONE Document analytics requirements for LM with Steven #[[LM-misc]]
		 - How do we know if people are happy with LM? Thumbs up / thumbs down? Return usage? Can we drill down?

		 - Customer AI - churn prediction; why are customers churning?

		 - Performance dashboards on Tableau

		 - Retention / monetization

	 - DONE Hadoop exercise next steps
		 - Match occurences - maybe visitor count is different?

	 - AA occurences
		 - 305543473

		 - 152925830

		 - 9842204

		 - 7963580

	 - AA visitors
		 - 36797727

		 - 28443493

		 - 6278370

		 - 4759638

- [[Product Management Mentorship]] w [[Stanford Lee]]
	 - Bachelor in business and data science
