- 1-1 [[Amanpreet Kang]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Check revised analytics for R38 - what's the app ID?

		 - CoD W1.5 rollout - analytics keys

		 - Analytics for switching to CV

		 - CoD W2 plan

	 - Notes
		 - Release went out two days ago

		 - DONE AOpen ramp - post on channel 60-80%

		 - Any W1 device gets COD, but only 2% gets COD + Provisional

		 - FC date is Nov 9

- Analytics changes for iOS
	 - Switching to CV

- Coffee chat w [[Benoît de Boursetty]] for [[Google PM Interview]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Share JD links
			 - https://careers.google.com/jobs/results/107096058544169670-product-manager-core-developer-mobile-ios/?distance=50&hl=en_US&jlo=en_US&q=Product%20Manager,%20iOS,%20Core%20Developer%20Mobile

			 - https://careers.google.com/jobs/results/113558154718913222-product-manager-data-indexing-core-data/?distance=50&hl=en_US&jlo=en_US&q=product%20manager%20core

			 - https://careers.google.com/jobs/results/79116641515774662-product-manager-machine-learning-infrastructure/?distance=50&hl=en_US&jlo=en_US&q=product%20manager%20core

		 - What is Core PM? Three pillars - Dev, Data and ML?

		 - What's the rest of the org structure?

		 - Interviewing - general vs. role / org specific?

		 - Work life balance

		 - Levels and promotion to manager

	 - About Benoit
		 - 11+ yrs at Google; worked across consumer - Gmail, Youtube; then moved to Core

	 - Org structure
		 - PAs - Product Areas
			 - Search

			 - Ads

			 - YouTube

			 - Cloud - GCP, Workspaces (Gmail)

			 - Geo

			 - Fit

			 - Core

			 - Technical infrastructure

		 - Core: 
			 - About
				 - Provides infrastructure to support other product areas

				 - Build their own tools because G's scale needs are so huge

			 - Pillars
				 - Dev: Produces IDEs, test frameworks, developer tooling, build testing

				 - Data: Internal Query Engine, data analytics - vizualization, OLAP + OLTP

				 - ML: New area of Core; Took infrastructure from Ads, and now trying to generalize; needs of ML practitioners - ML engineers

	 - Why Benoit moved to Core
		 - As a PM he always took data and told stories with it; e.g. YT, GMail.

		 - He was a heavy user of the tools being built by the Core team.

		 - Doesn't do anything external facing - just a cost center for Google

	 - Recruiting process
		 - Interview process is completely general

		 - It's possible to pass the interview but not get fit with role

		 - If I go through the process and don't like the fit with a particular team, I can still apply to other positions

		 - 

- Recruiter call w [[Sabreen Kahlon]] from [[Instacart]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Roles

		 - Levels and manager

	 - About Instacart
		 - 4 sided marketplace - consumers, retail partners, shoppers, advertisers

		 - PM org - 100 PMs overall

		 - PM Org Structured around 4 pillars
			 - Instacart app - Customer journey, engagement, personalization

			 - Shoppers and fulfillment - shopper safety, health

			 - Enterprise - white label ecomm platform

			 - Ads pillar - ad platform partnering with CPGs

		 - Hiring across all orgs for Senior to Principal level PMs

	 - PM levels and career
		 - L3 - APM

		 - L4 - PM

		 - L5 - Sr. PM / responsible for entire roadmap

		 - L6 - Principal PM IC / GPM

		 - L7 - Sr Principal / Director

		 - L8 - 

	 - Recruiting process
		 - R1 - 45 min with HM (for role)
			 - Assess team fit and also PM skills

			 - 

		 - R2 - on-site

- Call w founder [[Nick Schrock]] for startup role at [[Elementl]]
	 - About Nick
		 - Nick is a WoT fine

		 - FB engineer - team that developed open source applications - React, GraphQL

	 - About Dagster
		 - Data pipelines and ML applications is completely unstructured

		 - Like web development prior to React / GraphQL

		 - Focused on orchestration layer; consuming and producing data assets; competing with Airflow

		 - Raised seed round in 2018; then Index venture (board of Confluence)

		 - Open source framework

		 - Then developed cloud product

		 - Team of 18 - all engineers; launching early cloud product - Dagster cloud

		 - Elementl is the company; Dagster is the first project

		 - New phase of company; need to build product function

	 - Consumer
		 - Data engineers or ML engineers; sits at the nexus between practitioner and platform

		 - Modern data stack - DBT is the showcase tool

- GTD
	 - DONE CoD - W1 all transitioned to CoD? COnfirm AA.
