- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Journal for longer today! 15 mins!

		 - What did we talk about at therapy yesterday? Made a distinction between micro level and macro level of my life. Micro level we've been talking about for a while - it's my OCD, my mood disorder, how that manifests in day to day situations such as unable to decide what to get for dessert and getting very sad because of that. One of Jurgen's hypotheses is that this mood disorder is linked to macro level issues in my life. There are two macro level issues, one is that I'm lacking passion in my career or job, and second is that I have a story around how I'm a disappointment to my parents and to myself. Both are probably related. Let's look at the first one to begin with. 

		 - It's pretty clear that I don't really care about my job. Jurgen yesterday gave me a good description of what it would mean to care about my job. I would not only do what is required of me, but I would constantly be thinking of ways to improve things of my own initiative, do some reading on the side and my own research - attend conferences and learn the state of the art. Yes, I'm currently doing none of that. Don't have any passion for this area. But next semester I should be able to? My new job plus the new course will be a good start. But regardless - I just don't have the passion for it. At least this entire year I haven't given two shits about anything related to AEP. Now that may slightly change with this new job. Actually it should change quite a bit. I'm really keen on AI and Innovation. But what about product management? I would find it more meaningful of course if I were the one writing code for the product, yes I think that's true. But what about product management? Am I really passionate about it? Well, I think it comes down to being passionate about the product. And I think I am passionate about NLP and data science. 

		 - OK. At least this has allowed me to see the positive side of the new job. It's something that I can definitely get quite passionate about. I'm now really keen on this. Before I joined Adobe, I had a strong interest in AI and NLP. In addition to Drago's course, I was taking the Fast AI course to learn more about it, and I was constantly listening to podcasts and watching videos about AI. So I think I definitely can get back into it. It's not that I've never felt this. It's just that it's been a long time since I've been excited about something at work, and I've almost forgotten what it feels like. I need to remember and to remind myself what it feels like to be excited about work. I was also excited about my course-work, but that's in a totally different topic. 

		 - Yes, I can remind myself what that's like.

		 - But what about corporate america in general? Well, what else would I want to be doing? That's where the designing your life can help me out. Although I'm passionate about AI, I would much rather be the one developing my own AI products in a startup rather than working for someone else developing AI products.  OK. That's pretty vague, and it's unclear exactly what are the reasons for this. 

		 - Going back to the macro picture. What if I do get really excited about the AI space I'm working in at Adobe? Then would that lead to a higher sense of satisfaction? Would I feel happy about my work and what I'm doing then? Or would I still see some deficiency? It's hard to say, but I should at least give it a shot. Yes, of course, but am I avoiding the bigger question here? Settling? That's the thing to ask also. How much am I settling? What would it mean to not settle? There needs to be some clear directional goal set before I know what it means to not settle. Right now I'm lacking that directional goal. Where am I currently going with my career? I'll end up as a principal or director of PM somewhere and that'll be the end.

- DONE Write to Randy and Russell

- Working on [[Unwinding Anxiety]]

- Working on [[Query Service PM Transition Plan]]
	 - Phase 1 of ingestion and schema mapping completed and provided readout to Dave Weinstein on Apr 15. Data Warehouse provisioning in progress.

- Call with Meera
	 - DONE Ping anil on PLATIR-13671

	 - DONE Liviu follow

- Discuss Anjul review deck with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]], [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - Update Anjul Deck

	 - Get time with V, Dave, Anil before Friday.

- Customer names

- Call with [[Johnny Chen]] on [[SAIL program]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Who's the instructor?

		 - Who are the participants?

	 - Flagship program
		 - Emotional intelligence

	 - Curriculum
		 - 8 weeks starting May 12

		 - 90 min live sessions

		 - Weekly exercise

		 - Group is 20

		 - Small groups of 5 - interacting in Slack channel

		 - Exercises - mirroring and labeling

	 - Process
		 - Interviewing folks and will notify this week on

- 
