- Immigration consult w Adobe [[Fragomen]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Family based GC app

		 - What if I enter US with my EAD?

		 - Can I still keep H1B?

	 - EAD / AP have no impact on H1B

	 - Adobe GC application
		 - Ready for filing

		 - With Monica for review

		 - Expected filing date - Oct 6 

		 - Then 6-7 months processing times

		 - Then 

- Message to parents about MMR vaccine - canceled
	 - Hi guys, need some quick help / advice. I got the MMR vaccine in 2017 (because it was required by Yale)

	 - Now for my green card application, the immigration doctor ordered a blood test which shows low immunity to Mea

- DONE Areas of concern for [[USA-Immigration]] green card interview:
	 - Our address history since filing
		 - From July 2021 - December 2021 we lived in Redmond, WA where we have a co-signed lease, utility bills, etc.

		 - From August 2022 to present we live in San Mateo, CA where we have a co-signed lease, utility bills, etc.

		 - In the intervening period between January 2022 - July 2022 our listed address was in San Jose, CA but we do not have a lease or any utility bills on our names for this period. More info:
			 - The San Jose address (899 Alegre Pl) is the primary residence of my cousin Pooja who pays the rent and utilities there. 

			 - Rukma and I used this address as our official address for employment, banking, credit cards, etc., but we were not physically present at this address most of the time. We spent most of our time traveling around the country staying in various Airbnb vacation homes in San Diego, Santa Barbara, Austin, and Denver.

	 - Potential concerns
		 - (1) For the January - July 2022 period, we retained the San Jose address, and we did not report any of our temporary vacation rentals to USCIS.

		 - (2) We signed our San Mateo lease starting 8/1/22 and we moved in around 8/8/22, but I failed to update my address with USCIS until 9/23/22 when I submitted the AR-11.

	 - Next steps
		 - During the call, it would be great if we could discuss how to respond to questions on these topics

- [[[[Projects]]-LM User Interviews]] w [[Jonathan Luong]]

- 1-1 w [[Tianyuan Cai]]
	 - DONE Create slack post and screener survey for Adobe internal

- 1-1 w [[Bea Alessio]]
	 - DONE Bea will help investigate some analytics issues
		 - LM Conversion pipelinek - DONE

		 - create Jira for Aman

- 1-1 w [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Immigration update
		 - Have they contacted you?

	 - Analytics issues
		 - QE, PM, everything is us

		 - Implementation issues w Android and iOS

	 - Internal user interviews
		 - Can we offer incentives?

	 - Doc Gen issues
		 - Playground is not mobile responsive

		 - My issue - not opening file

		 - Joao/Matthew issue - mis-tagging file

	 - DONE Deepak slides update #[[LM-misc]] #2021-W39
		 - Slide 1- change colors to pink

		 - Slide 2 - know the explanation

		 - Slide 3 - build

		 - Slide 4- pull in from APS for Aditya

	 - DONE Set up career development chat w Randy and create deck

- GTD
	 - DONE Recreate RMAU segments

	 - DONE Plan for repatriation India to US #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]
