- 1-1 w [[Akshi Gupta]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Funnel slides

		 - PRD slide

	 - I just presented my slides... they didn't seem very interested in collaborating, just wanted their questions answered.

- GTD
	 - DONE India wedding invite list - Hyderabad #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W50
		 - Message - Reception
			 - Hi, hope you're doing well! My parents and I would love for you to join us at my wedding reception on Sunday, December 26 from 7:30pm onwards at Mallika Convention Center, Shamshabad. Hope to see you there! 😊

			 - We're also having cocktails for a small group of friends and family on Saturday, December 25 from 7:30pm onwards at Radisson Blu Plaza Hotel, Banjara Hills. Cocktails will be a good opportunity to catch up with me and Rukma before the busy reception!

		 - Other
			 - Aishu +

			 - Aarshiya +

			 - Kamesh +

			 - Nayva +

			 - Sumanth

			 - Harshitha

			 - Varun Chindi

			 - Raghu K

			 - Adhiraj

		 - Chirec group
			 - Akhil Isola +

			 - Nikhila

			 - Vinayak

			 - Gunnam

			 - Udit J

		 - ISB group +
			 - Shweta

			 - Sakshi

			 - Vidit

			 - Sid

			 - Jay

			 - Praneeth

		 - FIITJEE group
			 - Ajay C +

			 - Arjun Veer +

			 - Prashams

- Teladoc w [[Deepak Kumar]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review prescription and side effects

		 - What's the long term plan?

	 - Plan - continue w 40mg for next 2-3 months and evaluate if side effects go away

- 1-1 w [[Tianyuan Cai]]

- MBAs Q&A w [[Shantanu Narayen]]
	 - Goal of doc cloud: accelerate document productivity - everything to do with documents online; LM, intent based activity

	 - My Q: 
		 - PM on Doc Cloud, specifically I'm the PM for Liquid Mode.

		 - I attended the same school that you did - HPS; 3 CEOs

		 - What if anything about this group of people makes them so succesful in tech leadership

		 - Or more generally, what is it about the Indian community

	 - SN's answer: All credit goes to the US and to the culture of Silicon Valley

- GTD
	 - DONE PIpeline time MA UPpdate 1

	 - DONE Weekly metric

- 1-1 w [[Carl Dockhorn]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review PRD items

	 - DONE Hack week project - animating transition from CV to DV - add to backlog

- 1-1 w [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - PTO plans

		 - Division of labor between me and Bea's replacement

		 - 1-1 w Deepak - what do?

	 - Division of responsibilities between me vs. new
		 - Document of the future

- Team sync w [[Randy Swineford]], [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Revised analytics dashboards

		 - iOS analytics

		 - Mobile App KPIs

	 - DONE Change top-line metric to files opened

- 1-1 [[Deepak Bharadwaj]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Q: What's your vision for Liquid Mode?

		 - Problem: Silo'd nature of mobile team vs LM team - can we have slack channel to unify

	 - He asked me a lot about my background - education, etc. from my Linkedin profile

	 - Where does LM fit into our strategy
		 - Keeping people in our ecosystem

		 - Three pillars: viewing, engagement, monetization

	 - 

- Call w Tahoe resort on cancelation
	 - Rescheduled reservation to Jan 1

	 - winterfun

	 - 556034927L

	 - Jun 6 

	 - Cancellation #XQDH1CB
