- Call with [[Betterment]]
	 - Traditional IRA is recommended (even if we can't do the backdoor Roth)

	 - I can do backdoor Roth as long as I don't have any pre-tax money in other IRAs

- Team Meeting - org changes with [[Randy Swineford]]
	 - Randy talked very honestly about org changes, what's motivating people, and how to position ourselves. Very fresh and refreshing take. Doesn't try to hide politics. E.g. he openly said that Diego wasn't very good at managing upwards which is an important skill.

- Innovation/AI Team Meeting & Diego (Monthly), [[Diego Dugatkin]], [[Randy Swineford]]
	 - Diego on innovation team's role: 
		 - innovation is important; communicate more of what we're doing outside - at Adobe and beyond.

		 - Innovation should drive enterprise strategy.

		 - Commercialization should be an important focus for us.

	 - Diego on how to compete with DocuSign
		 - Integration with other parts of Adobe - DC, DX

		 - AI and innovation

- 👋 Introductory Meeting: Hugo / Nikhil, [[Hugo Pelland]]
	 - Lives in Oakland - bought a house

	 - Wife is a PM at Facebook

	 - Founder - World of facts game

- 1-1 with [[Carl Dockhorn]]
	 - User interviews
		 - Userinterviews.com - Carl has credits 

	 - For quant research - marketing and User Research
		 - PMM - Todd Gerber

	 - Accessibility
		 - E.g. F500 company has a website - by law they need to make them accessible; companies have manuals and other PDFs on their websites.

		 - Can't organizations just get rid of PDFs and migrate to HTML? Lot of intertia towards this.

		 - Especially important for education industry where professors use PDFs

	 - Trillion PDFS in the wild

	 - SmartFind
		 - Carl was responsible for SmartFind - fuzzy search

		 - Metrics - led to increase in retention

		 - Work with data science teams in marketing and usage. 

		 - Usage data analytics - Suchitra Raman

		 - Financial data analytics - Kim Tran (under Todd Gerber)

		 - DONE Carl to share report #[[LM-misc]]

	 - 

- Weekly 1-1: Nikhil / Aditya, [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - What are the business objectives of LM?

	 - Business objectives / causation study
		 - File opens and usage of LM

		 - LM team tried to embark on such a study with the KPI tiger team - fizzled out

		 - I should develop a proposal and project plan for this

		 - Big picture: overall

- [[Therapy]] with [[Tucker Peck]]
	 - Chinese restaurant - optimality
		 - Problem: I feel like I'm failing no matter what choice I make

		 - Solution: always pick randomly and agonize over the randmoness; try this out and report back

	 - Micromanagement and control is strangling my attempt at happiness

	 - I am confusing my own personal preferences for objectively good things and human goodness

	 - Inflexibility; and I have an arrogance at the core; I beleive that I know better; my preferences are OK, but others' need to be justified

	 - Treat other people as experts, without arrogance and condescension

- DONE Shopping

- DONE Dal recipe #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] [[May 26th, 2021]]
