- 1-1 [[Joydeep Majumder]]
	 - About Joydeep
		 - Worked with Randy in the early days of the project

	 - LM
		 - LM value prop is clear for small screen - but not clear for large screen

	 - Team structure
		 - Aman has three leads under him

		 - Desktop - Joydeep

		 - Mobile - Rishabh

		 - Web - Akhil, Varinder

	 - PDF Maker / Doc Gen API
		 - Create FTPDFs from Word Docs - for LM and for accessibility

		 - Targeting completion in Q3 - part of PPC next week

		 - Initially scoped to support a certain set of templates

		 - Project is mostly engineering driven - bulk of the work happened two years ago

		 - Initially thought of supporting all word docs, now supporting for a specific set of templates

		 - Some dependencies on the FT-PDF team

- App store insights with [[Vaibhav Bhatnagar]]
	 - Out of 15 LM comments: 14 Android / 1 iOS

	 - What's the ratio of reviews:

- Rec for [[Sri Deepthi Melarkode Subramanyam]]
	 - Morning Saurabh — Last week @melarkod set up some time with me to learn more about the Query PM job opening. Based on our conversation, she seemed like a strong candidate, and I just wanted to put in a good word for her! :) 

- 1-1 w [[Varinder]]
	 - About Varinder
		 - Re-imagining viewing across serfaces - web and mobile

		 - Before that he launched DC Platform from zero to launch.

		 - Before that he launched v1 of web viewer.

	 - LM for AcroJS
		 - Value prop is very clear for mobile, but not clear for large screen.

		 - Haven't seen the data on this being a priority.

		 - Need data on how many documents are being opened in View SDK.

	 - KPIs
		 - What's the value of adding LM for Doc Gen? What are the outcomes we're trying to drive? 

	 - Engineering implementation and work involved for FTPDFs
		 - Embed API vs Web - little bit of difference, but not too much

		 - Work divided between Matthew's team and Acrobat JS team

		 - Will take at least 1-2 quarters to get this done

	 - Other priorities
		 - Viewer modernization

		 - Ecosystem - PDF editing on web - making it available across surfaces

- 1-1 [[Cindy Yang]]
	 - Aboud DC design team
		 - Design team has 40+ designers

		 - Designers dedicated to each platform - Acrobat, Sign, etc.

		 - Rachana (CIndy's manager) - heads design for all of DC

		 - CIndy heads Acrobat Mobile

	 - New design team for APIs and partnerships
		 - DONE Matthew Haltom - DocGen

		 - Elmer Barrera and Natalie did some past work on embedded LM experiences

	 - Beate Fritsch - design for Acrobat Web

	 - SLC Process
		 - DONE DCAI PPC - 23 June - ask Aditya

		 - 

- 1-1 [[Suchitra Raman]]
	 - Extremely matrixed org

	 - About Suchitra
		 - New to AI/ML team

		 - Was part of Acrobat Web until Jan 2021

		 - Suchitra's team works on data side

	 - About LN's org
		 - EMs + Architects

		 - Matthew - LM client side

		 - Suchitra - Data

		 - David - ML modeling

		 - Ankit - Scans (ML pipeline treats scans separately)

		 - Nikhil Kumar - microservices

	 - About Suchitra's Data team
		 - Service provider to model teams

		 - Partnering with Delato - internal vendor of labeling

	 - NM Goals

	 - About Suchi
		 - She rambles a lot 
