- [[Mock PM Interview]] self product design - Twitter for the blind
	 - Goals
		 - Twitter goal: The **mission** we serve as **Twitter**, Inc. is to give everyone the power to create and share ideas and information instantly without barriers. 

	 - User needs
		 - Create content (without typing)

		 - Share content

		 - Consume content

		 - Belong to communities

		 - Engagement with posts (likes / replies)

	 - Product ideas
		 - Plugins to existing Reader apps for Blind people, M, L

		 - Smart camera device for sharing physical texts, M, H

		 - Existing app improvements - better voice interaction, L, L

		 - Specialized hardware device - Braille reading and typing; Tweet button, H, H

		 - Integration with smart speakers / dedicated smart speaker, H, M

	 - GTM: Smart speaker integration
		 - User research and requirements prioritization 

		 - Design mock-ups

		 - Engineering scope

		 - Risks

		 - Metrics

	 - Feedback
		 - User groups - Blind people can be further segmented

		 - Did not consider visual content! Need to go deeper into each user need.

- 

- [[Mock PM Interview]] self, product design - Improve Slack
	 - Goals
		 - Mission: Slack is the collaboration hub that brings the right people, information, and tools together to get work done. From Fortune 100 companies to corner markets, millions of people around the world use Slack to connect their teams, unify their systems, and drive their business forward.

	 - Users
		 - Business - companies like Adobe
			 - Individual contributors - data analyst, part of a team and projects

			 - Managers - manages teams and/or projects

			 - Admins

		 - Community - Products That Count, Exponent
			 - Community members

			 - Community admins / moderators

	 - User needs
		 - Communicate with individuals and groups

		 - Collaborate on shared documents - review, edit, comment

		 - Schedule meetings

		 - Manage to-dos

		 - Build a sense of community and team-building

	 - Competition
		 - MS Teams

		 - Email / Outlook

		 - Zoom / Meet / VC

		 - G Suite / MS Office

	 - Product ideas
		 - Calendar integrations for scheduling, M, L

		 - Document collaboration features, M, H

		 - To-do lists and tracking, M, M

		 - Videoconferencing built-in, M, M

		 - Structured meetings with agendas automated, ? M

		 - Turn text into to-dos, M, M

		 - Relationship mapping and recommendations, L, M

		 - AR: Google glass integration - when I see a person - show me the most relevant conversation, H, H

		 - Chat recommendations - when I start chatting with someone, show me the most relevant tasks and to-dos, H, M

		 - Document sharing recommendations M, L

	 - 

- [[Mock PM Interview]] self, product design - Netflix videos are freezing to buffer
	 - Goals
		 - Netflix goals: At Netflix, we want to entertain the world. Whatever your taste, and no matter where you live, we give you access to best-in-class TV shows, movies and documentaries. Our members control what they want to watch, when they want it, with no ads, in one simple subscription.

		 - Goal: minimize video buffering time?

	 - Factors impacting video buffering time
		 - Connection type: Mobile (5g vs 4g vs....) vs. broadband vs. other

		 - Geography: Near vs. far from CDN

		 - Time: Peak vs. off-peak

	 - Product ideas
		 - Buffer at the beginning (waiting screen)

		 - Reduce video quality for slow connections

		 - Bundle Netflix subscriptions with high speed internet

		 - Incentivize ISPs to prioritize Netflix traffic

		 - Increase capacity during peak hours

		 - Incentivize people to watch content at off-peak hours (separate libraries for peak vs. off-peak hours)

		 - Slow connections - promote content where video quality matters less?

		 - Limit content by geography - don't show content that is low in demand for far areas

		 - Encourage people to download shows

		 - Automatically pre-download / pre-buffer the next episode of a show

		 - Predict what a user is likely to watch next and download that 

- [[Mock PM Interview]] self, execution - metrics for Airbnb check-in experience
	 - Goals
		 - Airbnb goals: Travel, community, and belonging

		 - Airbnb metrics: MAU, Number of bookings

		 - Check-in goals: Customer satisfaction

	 - User actions
		 - Guest journey
			 - Book the stay

			 - Communicate with the host - pre arrival

			 - Review check-in instructions - pre arrival

			 - Arrive and check-in; click the check-in button

			 - Communicate with the host - during check-in (in app / phone call)

			 - Communicate with Airbnb if something goes wrong

			 - Communicate with host - post check-in confirmation

			 - Settle in to the stay

			 - Check-out and review

	 - Metrics
		 - Guest
			 - Guest rating of check-in process

			 - Number of messages from guest to host during check-in

			 - Number of messages from guest to Airbnb during check-in

			 - Time between arrival and check-in

		 - Other
			 - Aggregate metrics per host

			 - Correlate metrics to MAU / number of bookings

	 - Feedback
		 - 

- QS - CJA Interop Update, [[Chris Luby]], [[Trevor Paulsen]], [[Brandon George]]
	 - Can we query ARES using Query Service?

	 - Overall idea
		 - Separate CJA front-end and back-end: Ares vs. Analysis Workspace

		 - Customers already have workflows on other BI and analysis tools; they want to plug this into Ares

	 - ARES supportable query patterns
		 - https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/OmniArch/ARES+Supported+Query+Patterns

		 - Does ARES support SQL? Not right now.

		 - Does not support raw data

		 - Does not support custom joins

	 - Implementation
		 - MVP: PRISM dashboard integration - Instead of pulling data from Synapse, pull from ARES (no mix and match)
			 - Need to build SQL translation layer

			 - Need to create JDBC driver 

			 - Integration with Query Service 

		 - Post-MVP
			 - Mix and match Ares tables with Data Lake tables

		 - Luby already has a POC on the MVP implementation

	 - Value proposition
		 - For CJA use cases - this is cheaper than Azure Synapse

		 - Jumping back and forth between KPI dashboard to AW

		 - Third party BI tools integration with CJA reports

	 - Next steps
		 - Luby is building the POC and demo

- Unified Customer Profiles Stitching Proposal, [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Bret Gundersen]], [[Anil Malkani]], [[Trent]], [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - DONE Matt: UIS export is limited; stitching only for single dataset; not able to satisfy FBS use cases

	 - Trevor: Can we re-use FBS stitching ifra built by Romania team?

	 - Trevor: Creating unified views already happens in CJA; now we're doing it in two places.

	 - Josh: Can it be a joint PPC with CJA + AEP?

	 - Matt: Which ID should be used as Person ID?

	 - DONE Add current CJA workflow slide as context - ask Trevor

	 - DONE Set up recurring meeting with Trevor, Matt, Brian

- LASA: Bi-Weekly Product Review, [[Kevin Foster]]
	 - DONE AEP Tech Talk LASA: https://bluejeans.com/s/qz8EQKOlG05/ #[[QS-misc]]

	 - Kevin migrated the Python script over to SQL only; still using Airflow for Orchestration

	 - Kevin's build drops tables and creates new tables; instead Anil suggests using the Snapshot feature.

	 - They need to move off Airflow to Platform native capability.

	 - PK working with Kevin to optimize this.

	 - PK / Kevin to collaborate on ETL APIs working.

- 1-1: Saurabh / Nikhil, [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Agenda
		 - CJA dashboards in AEP idea

		 - Lots of focus on Enterprise Destinations

	 - DONE Start Enterprise Destinations deck #[[QS-misc]]

	 - ARES - SQL project - Instead try to incorporate CJA widget into AEP Dashboards / Power BI 

	 - [[QS-CJA]] - focus more on the Brandon project of generating SQL.

	 - DONE AEP Intelligence Skybridge Wiki #2021-W7 #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]]

	 - Schedule 1-1 with Saurabh on DSW

- [[Mock PM Interview]], [[Alex Hui]]
	 - Nikhil interviews Alex
		 - Q: How much ad revenue does GMail make every year?

		 - Case
			 - Gmail users: 200M

			 - Campaign target: 5M

			 - CTR: 2%

			 - CPC: $1

			 - $ per campaign: 5M * 2% * $1 = $100k

			 - Num Campaigns per company: 20

			 - Num companies: 8000

			 - $ = 8000 * 2M = 16B

		 - Feedback
			 - + Gmail US users

			 - + CTR / CPC

			 - + Calc is mostly good - except 1 mistake

			 - - Made a mistake

			 - Initial pause: too long

			 - Didn't understand your framework: you mixed supply side and demand side

	 - Alex interviews Nikhil
		 - Goal
			 - Number of motels in the US

			 - Motel vs. hotel: lower quality / smaller

		 - Approaches
			 - Motels per city

			 - Motels per state

			 - Motels per highway

		 - Solution
			 - Motels on highways
				 - Miles of highway * Motels / mile of highway

				 - 1 hotel per 10 miles of highway

				 - 3 mil sq miles

				 - 150 * 150 = 100 * 100 = 250k

				 - 250k / 10 = 25k

			 - Motels in cities
				 - 1M

				 - 15*300 = 5000k

			 - 30k motels in US

			 - Gut check
				 - 1 motel per 10 k population

		 - Feedback   
			 - DONE Framework: supply side vs. demand side #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]]

			 - + Good composure; willing to take the hard route

			 - - I talk too much during the calculations; it's hard to follow

			 - DONE Take more pauses and check-in #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]]

			 - DONE Get fact cheat sheets #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]]

		 - DONE Alex's friend queastions in phone screen
