- [[Daily journal]]
	- [[What's on my mind today?]] 
	  {{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		- What are some other things I want to clean out of my life? I made a list of demands on my attention. Are there other ways I can think about it? Maybe just think broadly about this topic and brainstorm things? OK. Let's go.
		- Things I want to let go of:
			- Anxieties and worries
				- I want to let go of / not feed the anxieties I have in my life around things not being properly organized, not having the perfect thing, etc.
				- Replaying small situations over and over in my head - think how many times I've played out this insurance dispute scenario in my head and thought about all the possibilities over and over again
			- Things I do that maybe I shouldn't - mental
				- Picking my skin on my fingers and lips
				- Not paying attention to my feelings
				- Not being kind to myself when I fall short of expectations, ie., being mean to myself
			- Distractions - digital
				- Redditing on mobile all the time
				- Looking at my phone all the time when I have breaks - e.g. when going to the bathroom or when Rukma goes to the bathroom for 2 mins
	- [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
	- [[What did I accomplish today?]]
	- [[What did I eat today?]]
	- [[Anything else?]]
	- Reminder: complete yesterday's journal
- [[2021 PM Recruiting]] with [[Doordash]] first round
	- Interview structure
		- Product prioritization - how we think about a problem; how to prioritize what to solve for
		- Product sense - how do you evaluate customer problems and what to work
	- Intros
		- Prithvi - PM on consumer delivery experience; post-checkout customer journey; what information needs to be displayed; what are the risks to delivery.
		- Nikhil's background.
	- Background info
		- DD mission: to connect local business with consumers.
	- Whiteboard 1 - Prioritization
		- Context
			- OpenTable PM; post-booking experience; worst experiences;
		- Goals
		- Users
			- Diner
			- Restaurant
		- User needs - diner
			- Confirmation of my booking
			- Certainty - trust
			- Assurance that I'll be notified of any changes -
				- Restaurant hours /
				- menu
			- Interact to make changes
		- User needs - restaurant
			- Confirmation
			- Certainty - trust
			- Change notification -
				- Time
				- Party
			- Interact
		- Bad experiences - diner side
			- Lack of confirmation
			- Changes without notificaiton
				- Booking canceled
				- Restaurant cannot accommodate pref
				- Menu changes
			- Interactivity is broken
			- Feedback / live updates
		- Bad experience - restaurant side
		- Prioritization
			- Restaurant LTV
			- Diner LTV
				- Avg order size * num orders per year * lifetime
		- Pick booking cancelation - root causes
			- Open table - notification
		- Solution to reduce fequency of booking cancelations
			- Root causes
				- Manual entry systems
				- Integration with restaurant systems
	- Whiteboard 2 - Product sense
		- Context
			- Zillow - housing marketplace
			- What problems is zillow solving
		- Users
			- Buy-side
				- Rent
				- Buy
			- Sell-side
				- Rent
				- Buy
		- User needs - renter
			- To find apartments match their criteria
			- Filter by criteria that I care about
			- Communication and coordination
			- Trust and verification - landlord
			- Conduct the transaction
		- PM for conversion on renter side
			- Conversion: website > message host >
	- Questions for interviewer
		- Product lifecycle at DD
			- Identify the right metric
				- Combination of user feedback + data analysis
				- Quantitative + qualitative user feedback on
			- List root causes and hypotheses
				- Prioritization of root causes
			- Solutioning
				- List potential solutions
			- Product development
				- Write briefs backed by user research / data
				- Work with design / eng to prototype
				- Eng / development
				- Roll-out, experimentation, and testing
		- Product discovery vs. implementation
			- Mostly focus on discovery
- DONE Karishma jira #[[QS-misc]] #2021-W13 [[March 29th, 2021]]
- GTD
	- DONE Behavioral - roadmap prioritization. High level vs low level. RICE method. Bugs and enhancements.
	- DONE Customer research project.
	- DONE Marketing and gtm - pricing and packaging, blogs, evangelism, field enablement, creating demos for the field.
	- DONE Behavioral - LASA bug prioritization over feature delivery. Document. Over communicate. Understand that vp has some more context I don't have. #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]] #2021-W12
	- TODO The Happiness Trap: How to Stop Struggling and Start Living: A Guide to ACT: Harris, Russ, Hayes PhD, Steven C.: 8580001061962: Amazon.com: Books #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]
	- DONE Together movies - godfather  #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]
	- DONE Goal - wintering rituals. Daily. Weekly. Yearly. #[[Personal-Goals]]
	- DONE DST analysis project #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Side-Projects]] #Someday
		- Sleep research and sunrise sunset times: https://jcsm.aasm.org/doi/10.5664/jcsm.8780
		- Astral python library for sunrise sunset times: https://astral.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
	- TODO iPad pencil holder case (maybe after new ipad?) #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]
	- DONE Ivan mock #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]] #2021-W12
	- DONE Betterment transfer
- DONE PM Resource: https://engineerseekingfire.com/how-to-prepare-for-product-manager-interviews
- TODO Read: https://www.reddit.com/r/printSF/comments/mbr2dw/indian_sffantasy #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]
-