- Updating KPI Report for [[Aman Nagpal]]
	 - May updates by [[Bea Alessio]]
		 - **Growth Drivers**
			 - **Monthly Active Users **
				 - •**Completed Initiative: **Removing the Sign in requirement for all Android users to support 43% of the average monthly LM User Base that is signed out.

				 - •**Ramping Initiative: **Option for high-adoption3 Android users (13% of Android User base)  to make Liquid Mode their default,  progressively rolled out. To date, **22%** of users who have seen the prompt have opted in

		 - **Files Viewed**
			 - •**Anonymous files viewed**: files viewed anonymously contributed the  9% of enters in May, in grew 8% MoM

			 - •**Auto Open impact on file opens**: In avg, users with AutoOpen enabled viewed 5 monthly files when compared with users with the same attributes but no access to the feature, who opened 2.

		 - **Highlights**
			 - •Apr-May 8% MoM increase in MAU, +1M users and +10% MoM in file opens

			 - •Released LM for a limited % of Scans to source feedback on quality , informing possible improvements to the experience and pipeline improvements.

		 - •

		 - **Upcoming Drivers/Priorities**
			 - •(Aug) Progressively roll out CoD on high-end Wave 1 Android devices, decreasing time to first content when compared to Streaming performance

			 - •(May-June)Expand Auto-Open to larger set of frequent Liquid Mode users , gathering data on feature adoption across geos with variance in latency

			 - •Initial Auto Open rollout on iOS to high-qual geos (Starting late June)

			 - •Expansion for Android users in high-qual and conversion success geos (Started May)

			 - (June)Provisional conversion for iOS AutoOpen users, estimated to be 2x faster to open in LM significantly at p75.

- Docgen questions
	 - Designs for Error dialog/user facing message to be shown if the personalized link was created using emailA, but user tries to open the link using a different unauthorized email B in Acrobat app.
		 - "You do not have access to this document. Please log in to Acrobat using the same email that was used to generate this document."

		 - To be vetted by design.

	 - Any analytics that we should instrument?
		 - DocGen PlayGround App
			 - Click "generate output document"

			 - Cancel

			 - Pipeline metrics

		 - Acrobat
			 - Flag for where the source is 

			 - v122 tracks welcome file 

	 - While opening a shared doc, we show the attached dialog while download is in progress. We are assuming we’ll show same dialog when the LM doc will be opened using docGen link. Is this correct?
		 - Multi-step progress screen: "Opening document", "Improving reading with Liquid Mode"

		 - To be vetted by design.

- 1-1 [[Bea Alessio]]
	 - Agenda
		 - KPI Report

		 - Auto open analysis - repeat for iOS?

		 - Aditya's questions on DocGen

	 - Decrease in numbers
		 - May may have bee

		 - Seasonality - ?

		 - Look at cancelations

	 - KPI slide feedback - done

	 - DONE iOS dashboard for auto-open
		 - re-create

		 - Track IPDQ, etc

		 - Break down by Geo

		 - Separate Mobile vs tablet

		 - Goal is to identify risky segments

- 1-1 [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - KPI slide

		 - Aditya's Qs

	 - DONE Set up 4.30pm extra

	 - DONE Auto-open analysis

	 - DONE Schedule time with Aditya, Bea, Nikhil for next Monday

	 - DONE KPI slide updates
		 - Validate

	 - DONE Update APS doc
		 - Take a crack at "why" - cut down to smaller section. - add statistics.

		 - Focus on Why and how

- 1-1 [[Steven Bruce]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Debugging mismatch - from before Shutdown

		 - List of projects - draft live

	 - Debugging

	 - DONE Get access to River data
		 - Some in Hadoop

		 - Postage stamps

	 - Next time: Deep dive into river

- GTD
	 - DONE Meet up with Villagio neighbors - 7/22 https://mazzehgrill.com/

	 - DONE Apartment visits for Saturday 7/17

	 - DONE Reschedule car appointment

- Liquid mode vision
	 - 

- 
