- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - Last thing I noticed was that I got perma-banned for reddit's roam research community... I have no idea why. I've always been such a fan of reddit, but this is the first time I've encountered some of the not so nice side of it. It's so bizarre. It's either a mistake, or there's some insidious plot going on where the sub is controlled by the company in some way. In either case, that's very strange. Maybe I'll try to follow up through some of the community members and try to see what happens.

		 - DONE Note for therapy - this is a non-whip motivation to do something. I felt a sense of injustice, and I am feeling the need to fight against that. That's a real motivation for doing something! What should I do about it? Just observe what it feels like, and act on it! Discuss with Tucker. But the problem is that I then second guess it. Once the motivation comes in, then I put it through scrutiny and decide what to do. #Therapy #[[Tucker Peck]]

		 - Hmm... this is a really interesting observation! I should pursue this. But then I also need to find a balance between being too impulsive and being too measured. I think for now I'm over-indexed on the side of being too measured, so I should be more impulsive. Can't structure my work-day around that though... but still, other things. 

		 - I'm so happy! I'm already making progress with the Tucker assignment. I am making progress. I've already found some motivations I can work with. I should observe more throughout the day and give credence to them, lean in to them, and act on them.

		 - OK. What else? I do need to write that note to dad. That will be a good exercise I think. It's been simmering for some time within me, and it will be good to get some release, regardless of the outcome. Both Tucker, Jurgen, and Rukma advised me that this is a good thing. I should send this note today... spend some time drafting it and send it

		 - DONE Write to dad #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W20
			 - Hello dad,

I trust that the transaction this week went smoothly, but I wanted to let you know that I was extremely unhappy with the way in which you interacted with me through this process, and it left me feeling disrespected and demeaned:

(1) You felt the need to issue three text message reminders and a phone call reminder for me to keep an appointment which I myself scheduled. This made me feel like I can't even be trusted me to do something as simple as keeping an appointment. In my professional life I juggle dozens of appointments every week with several senior executives across different time zones, yet nobody has ever felt the need to send me so many reminders, because they trust me. So it's sad to think that my father doesn't even have a fraction of that level of trust in me.

(2) Moreover, I felt that your messages were written in a disrespectful and demeaning tone (e.g. "Nikhil, you have to call Satish at 9 PM. Now"). This is the kind of command I might issue to a dog, but not to another human being, and certainly not to a family member. Nobody else in my life would ever dream of sending me such a message, so receiving such a message from you made me feel very disrespected and demeaned.

(3) Lastly, and most importantly, I feel like this is is not an isolated incident, but it is part of the overall pattern of your interactions with me over the past several years. I feel that you do not have the confidence and trust in me to manage my own life, and therefore you feel the need to control and micro-manage me. You don't trust me to handle my personal finances without you telling me exactly whom to consult and how to consult with them; you don't trust me to handle my own immigration case without you telling me exactly how to follow up with my immigration attorney; you don't trust me to make my own wedding invites without you telling me exactly what text and images I need to use; you don't trust me to decide when I'm ready to get married without you constantly badgering me throughout my late twenties... the list is endless. In contrast, I enjoy ever increasing levels of trust and responsibility from my employers (for whom I manage projects with hundreds of thousands of dollars at stake) and from Rukma (for whom I take care of all of our family finances and logistics). Thus it's very sad to feel that my father still wants to control and manage so many aspects of my life.

The purpose of my writing this message is not to chastise you, but to make you aware that I find the resulting feelings of sadness, incompetence and disrespect produced by these interactions to be a burden on my mental health and wellbeing. Therefore I attempt to distance myself from interactions with you as much as possible, but this is obviously not the ideal outcome for either of us. If we continue down this path (where I continue to distance myself in response to my feeling that you are trying to micro-manage me), this will result in a distanced and estranged relationship. If we are seeking a different outcome (which I hope we are, because I am sure that we both love each other very much), it will take some effort from both of us to engage in this conversation and to see how we may change our interactions.

I invite you to respond in whatever way you are most comfortable with. You can write back to me with how you feel, we can discuss over FaceTime, or whatever else you are comfortable with.

Love,
Nikhil

		 - Today is already shaping up to be a good day. Therapy is going well too. I'm enjoying working with Tucker. He really gets me I think. I also enjoy working with Jurgen.

		 - DONE Aetna - two therapists or any limit? Check on this. #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W23

		 - 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- [[QS-UPS]] meeting with Design

- DONE Appeal reddit roam ban #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]
	 - DONE Wait for 12h

	 - DONE Message individual thread users
		 - I got banned from /r/RoamResearch for posting about potential alternatives

		 - Hello! I am reaching out to you because you commented on my recent post about a Roam Research alternative [1]. Soon after making this post, I received a permanent ban from r/RoamResearch [2].

Since there seems to be no other reason for my ban, it looks like the moderators are secretly clamping down on discussions about alternatives to Roam. If this is something that you find concerning, it would be great if you could create a comment on my post (or a new post) informing people that this is happening. 

This may pressure the mods into increasing transparency behind their actions. However, I completely understand if you do not feel comfortable doing this, no worries! Thank you very much for your time and consideration!

[1] https://www.reddit.com/r/RoamResearch/comments/neme9z/new_potential_roam_alternative_mem_a_first_look/

[2] https://imgur.com/1Vxrvll

	 - DONE Write to anonymous
		 - https://www.reddit.com/message/messages/11pvsh9

	 - File [moderator complaint / subreddit ban appeal](https://reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=179106)

	 - Post on Roam Research official forum

	 - Post on other related subs informing them of the ban
		 - Subs to post on
			 - Obsidian

			 - Remnote

			 - Athens

		 - Message

- Aditya
	 - Hey Aditya! Apologies, but I need to move tomorrow's occurrence of our weekly 1-1 due to a conflict. I'm unable to find any other openings on your calendar tomorrow, but there are a bunch of slots marked as tentative, and I was wondering if you had any availability? Thanks!

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Custom dashboards progress
		 - We moved data-groups concept forward

- DONE Saurabh exit interview  #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]]
	 - What are some of the biggest challenges that you encountered as a PM working on Query Service?
		 - 

	 - What are some of the process improvements we can make as a product area to become better at what we do?
		 - Sprint planning

	 - What kinds of market problems should the Query Service and DSW team be solving?
		 - 

	 - Where do you see lies the greatest opportunity for Query Service and DSW?
		 - New generation of data analysts think Python first, not SQL first. Leverage Python Notebooks in data prep workflows.

	 - What are your thoughts with the product planning process in AEP?
		 - 

	 - How do you think we can improve the customer engagement model for Query Service that we have?
		 - 

	 - If there is one big bet you would make as a PM for Query Service, what would that be? For DSW, what would that be?

	 - What are some areas of improvement for me as a manager?
		 - You were an amazing manager! :) One small improvement which would have made my life easier is to keep your calendar up to date!

	 - What recommendations would you have for me to do as a manager as I onboard new PMs into my team?
		 - Work with Meera to define 

		 - 

	 - What kind of a product opportunity or position or reward would have helped retain you?
		 - 

- [[Facebook PM Interview]] TPM role 
	 - Agenda
		 - What is TPM?

		 - What's the interview process?

		 - If I'm interested in PM, how long to wait to interview again?

	 - About TPM
		 - TPM = Technical Program Management

		 - Two types: Infra TPM and Product TPM

		 - Product TPM works on customer-facing products

		 - Product TPM is a hybrid between PM and Eng Manager

		 - More focused on execution and deliverables; solution design and implementation

		 - No coding, but quite technical; need system design and architecture

		 - Background - typically engineering and technical backgrounds

	 - Career path and progress
		 - IC route - gain seniority

		 - Management route - same leveling as other routes; IC6 and above is where you become manager

		 - Can also transition to other roles - e.g. PM

	 - Interview process
		 - Initial interview 45 mins - systems design, behavioral

		 - Full loop
			 - Technical retrospective - whiteboarding

			 - Technical solution design - whiteboarding
				 - Product requirements, functions, capabilities, system design (e.g. why use relational vs. non-relational db)

			 - Behavioral x3 1 hr - focus on program management experience and partnership experience; drive vision to reality

	 - Interview prep resources
		 - I got an offer . com

	 - Interview rejection
		 - Fresh slate every time

		 - 12-month cool-off for same
