- Inbox
	 - DONE Renew 1-1s every FY quarter #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]]  
		 - Matthew

		 - Akshi

		 - Pallav

		 - Randy

- LM - Android Sync
	 - DONE Flag to Randy / Matthew about non-LM projects dipping into LM projects

- Analyzing hadoop cod logs
	 - Defining session as visit ID x doc ID

	 - row 1046 - icon tap, conversion success, but no content shown. What happened?

	 - 1496 - same as above

	 - 1602 - icon tap, no content shown

	 - 

- 1-1 w [[Pallav Vyas]]
	 - DONE Update hadoop to order by hit time

	 - DONE Line up before tap failure vs. unkown abandon - see if they're matching

- 1-1 w [[Darrell Dykstra]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Intros

		 - Commenting in LM

	 - Intro
		 - Knows the product architecture front to back - works on hard problems

		 - Architected auto-open

	 - Commenting
		 - Darrell implemented commenting 4 yrs ago with old DX

		 - Eng needs polish

		 - General problem of how to transfer annotations?

		 - Types of comments
			 - Strikethrough

			 - Highlight

			 - Underline

			 - Sticky notes

	 - Design work
		 - Darrell architected commenting for the original view, but now Natalie changed to new view.

		 - Originally the UI was same between classic view and LM, but with the new UI, it's a lot of work.

	 - DONE Darrell to share wiki on project plan

- Meet w [[Rick Treitman]] and [[Tiffany Lee]] on Embed API work
	 - Rick on readability matters
		 - We could be revolutionizing how kids read

		 - Impact across the board in the education sector - children's education to adult education

		 - 2.2Tr dollar problem in terms of job efficiency - solving for US

	 - Customers
		 - Integration with LMS systems - Canvas, etc.

		 - Chrome extension + edge extension 

	 - DONE Work with Tiffany on page LM for Edu - and set up meeting w Varinder #[[LM-misc]] 

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Jurgen thinks that my splitting issues have to be resolved in my career

	 - In therapy, I'm good at answering questions and solving problems, but not good at framing the questions myself; similar to how I struggle with graduating from solving problems in math / philosophy / CS to doing my own thing

	 - Why do I fail at self-defined projects? I can't structure myself, and I can't motivate myself.

	 - Have a mental block towards totally unstructured activities - painting, writing, business

	 - But I want to work on a startup and do my own thing; how do we make this happen

- DONE Set up family catch-up email remidners - 30 mins

- DONE Parents shopping #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W47
	 - DONE Scissors heavy duty x2

	 - DONE 1. Boxed Red wine (2/3 litre boxes) 2

	 - DONE 2. Boxed White (2/3 litre boxes) 2

	 - DONE 3. White Zinefrandel (2/3 litre Boxes) 2

	 - DONE Duty free Liquor

- 
