- Storytelling workshop with [[Karthik Raman]], [[Meera Srinivasan]] and team
	 - Who do I think is a leader that I respect?
		 - Sanjay Behl - really?

		 - Kamesh

		 - Steve Jobs

		 - Alyosha Karamazov

		 - Jon Snow
			 - Puts the people ahead of himself

			 - Sacrifice himself

	 - Why do leaders tell stories?
		 - It's an effective communication style to connect and inspire people

	 - Lessons from Steve Jobs 2005 Stanford Commencement Address
		 - Connect stories to something deeply personal - family, values (even if the concept is abstract)

		 - Talk about overcoming adversity

		 - Vertical takeoff: Start with an attention grabbing statement like "My mother gave me up for adoption", "I was booted from my own company" 

	 - Story telling framework
		 - Vertical takeoff

		 - Beginning

		 - Middle

		 - End

	 - Practice agenda
		 - My focus: Expressiveness on camera

		 - Partner with Elizabeth

	 - Elizabeth's story
		 - VT: Can you lead through fear? "Yelled at for using the word challenging". Perfection was expected at the job.

		 - Beginning:
			 - Perfection was expected at the job.

			 - Yelled at for using the word challenging. 

		 - Middle:
			 - Empathy and transparency is crucial for organizations

			 - Understand a person's viewpoint and where they're coming from

		 - End:
			 - Took her role

			 - Open and empathetic and transparent - you will be surprised by what people bring to the table

	 - My story: Deloitte STEP
		 - VT: With a $1M on the line, can you focus on employee training.

		 - Beginning: 
			 - In the second year of my first real job with Deloitte, I suddenly became the program manager for a training program with $1M in budget that would impact 800 employees.

			 - The program required inputs from various functional teams across Deloitte, and it was my responsibility to recruit and manage these collaborators, but I had no formal authority over the teams, and I had no prior management experience.

		 - Middle: 
			 - Started with top down

			 - Bottom up

		 - End: 
			 - I learned that leadership is a combination of top-down authority and bottom up motivation. Authority is never a substitute for genuine relationship building.

	 - Feedback for my telling of Elizabeth's story
		 - Good opening; good hook

		 - Good: Voice inflection

	 - Feedback on Elizbeth's telling of my story
		 - 

- Data prep meeting with [[Seth Reilly]]
	 - Pre-Lake Data Prep vs. post-Lake data prep

	 - People want to write and run their own Spark jobs

	 - Why people want to do data prep
		 - BI / Reporting / CJA

		 - Data Science

		 - Enterprise Destinations

	 - Data science
		 - DONE "Fw: DSW requirements follow up" - transformation requirements #[[QS-UPS]]

		 - Need to do a lot of optimization

	 - General requirements
		 - Trade-offs between useability vs. optimization.

		 - Spark developers are not so common

	 - Enterprise destinations
		 - How useable is the Parquet file?

	 - Who to follow-up with?
		 - Kevin, Nick Hecht

	 - Other initiatives
		 - We're offering an Azure Blob Landing zone, included with AEP

	 - Customers
		 - T.Rowe; pulling information from Campaign; using SnapLogic to do data prep and then; Mapper

		 - DONE Talk to Nich Hecht - about Data Prep requirement for Data Science partners; Has an architecture diagram.

		 - DONE AEP Tech talk - LASA #[[QS-UPS]]

		 - DONE LASA talk to Lok about this

- Omnichannel Events Project: Weekly Review with [[John Anderson]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]

- Saurabh Nikhil 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Detailed data prep operations

	 - DONE Meeting with John and PK to capture LASA requirements

- Meeting with [[Rohan Kapoor]]
	 - DONE Meeting with Wouter on training #[[QS-misc]]

- Meeting [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - Trevor's Summit video - Pitching CJA to Google Analytics customers

	 - Federated Query Service - Can QS be used to Query Ares datasets?

	 - What if Ares can show up as a Data View on QS that can be queried?

	 - DONE Meeting with Luby, Brandon, Trevor #[[QS-misc]]

- [[Mock PM Interview]] with [[Alex Hui]] - Strategy
	 - Nikhil interviews Alex
		 - Question: If you were the CEO of LEGO, what new product line would you come up with to increase revenue?

		 - Framework
			 - Customers
				 - Segments - kids, fans, etc.

			 - Company
				 - Three differentiators

			 - Competition
				 - Mega-blocks

				 - Small companies

			 - Pain points
				 - Instruction manual complex

				 - Number of building blocks too large

				 - Toy / project doesn't last too long

			 - New product lines
				 - Addressing above pain points

		 - Feedback
			 - + Good product sense - picked out what is unique about the company

			 - + Great product design idea - collaborative / social distancing product is great

			 - + 

			 - - Don't need to go deep into the product. Last part.

			 - - New product lines are not broad enough; not sufficiently different from existing product;

			 - - Competition view is narrow. Netflix said their competition is sleep. (Especially relevant for new product line).

			 - Hard to see where you are in the framework. List of three: "brand recognition, partnerships, ease of use" - where did it come from?

	 - Alex interviews Nikhil
		 - Whiteboard
			 - Goal
				 - Google strategy; 100 engineers to work on anything

				 - Google mission: organize the world’s information and make it accessible

			 - Product suite
				 - Ads

				 - G suite - productivity; mail; docs

				 - Google photos

				 - YT

				 - Android

				 - Google Assistant

				 - Google Home

			 - Industries
				 - Finance
					 - Credit rating improvement; google pay - Mint like upgrades

				 - Healthcare
					 - Google Fit data + other user data (search)

				 - Retail

				 - Automotive
					 - Self-driving cars; X

				 - Media and telecom
					 - Chromecast expansion

				 - Consumer products

			 - Finance - credit rating
				 - Collect existing data and correlate to credit scores; prediction algorithm

				 - Data sources - google pay; user profile data

				 - Predict: Credit ratings, credit outcomes (likelihood…)

			 - Healthcare prediction
				 - Collect existing data and correlate to health outcomes

				 - Indicators
					 - Likelihood of heart attack

					 - Likelihood of Covid

		 - Feedback
			 - + Goals and mission statement

			 - DONE + Industry lens is good - add to frameworks #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]]

			 - - Up-level Google product suite

			 - DONE - Research Google and FB product suite and strategy #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]]

			 - Alex's approach

- DONE Triage bugs: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/DMSArchitecture/AEP+Enhancement+Requests+Review+Process #[[QS-misc]]

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - DONE Find new therapist #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - Father issues resonance
		 - Different personas

		 - Lack of expressiveness

		 - Control / OCD

	 - OCD issues
		 - I get anxious and uncomfortable when structure is violated

	 - Anger
		 - I take out my anger on myself; I've internalized the anger. It comes out as criticism. Self criticism and criticism of others.

		 - My father's anger is rigtheous anger, whereas mine is anxious

	 - Deep dive into OCD and anger / frustration issues

	 - DONE Have a conversation with mom about relationship advice - JUrgen to plan what we want to ask about

	 - 
