- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - Today is my last day in my existing DX / AEP role. I'm moving to DCAI from next week. Excited to move on to a new role. Sad to be leaving my old team behind. Also sad about not getting promoted. It's OK to feel this sadness little. I remind myself how fortunate I am compared to people in general. I have a freakin highly paying PM role at a major and chill tech company. People would kill to have the kind of life that I have. I'm so fortunate. I should remember this whenever I think of some problems. What did Gandhi say? Think about the poorest most downtrodden person you've encountered and your problems will melt away. Think of people in my own childhood home like Saber, Linga, etc. My life is that of a king compared to them. But still! I have the right to be sad, and there's nothing wrong witht hat! I just also need to recognize this other part!

		 - What else is on my mind? I finally wrote that note to dad. I feel really good about being able to let him know how I feel. I hope it will open some kind of dialogue. Worst case scenario it will fall on dead ears, or it will just have a cursory response, but at least I have made an attempt. Also it feels good for me to express myself. Will have to wait and see what comes of it.

		 - What else? Plans for this weekend? Betterment? Wellbeing stuff? I would like to be doing a bit more in the way of my wellbeing routines. Noticing other motivations. That's what Tucker asked me. Response to dad was out of neither of these motivations. What about other stuff? There was the Reddit issues as well.

		 - What about my routines? I want to get back to the Jud brewer routines, right? And blocking out times of my day for things like this other than work? Yes. That's important. I can start working on it. Should do it for the next week, the coming week. 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Call with [[Betterment]]
	 - Agenda
		 - 401k synced accounts - expenses

		 - Retirement

		 - Rework goals

	 - Individual vs joint
		 - Cannot add connected accounts to joint account

		 - Can you move everything from joint to general investing

	 - Retirement account
		 - Social security collection - recommended age is 67

		 - Update SSA benefit estimates - look up

		 - Fund traditional IRA account and then do a backdoor roth

	 - Follow-up
		 - DONE Transfer on the back-end from general investing joint to general investing

		 - DONE Follow retirement "how to save" recommendations - create IRA accounts

		 - 

- Query Scheduler meeting with [[Akshat]], [[Matt Colon]], [[Janhavi]]
	 - Cannot modify start date or dataset

	 - Changing dataset

	 - Workaround: UI will take user's input in the form of "editing schedule", but on the back-end the schedule will get deleted and a new schedule will get created.

- 1-1 with [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - DONE Plan for week 1
		 - Meetings with Aditya 2-3x / week

		 - Set up 1-1s - Aditya to provide list

		 - Paragraph on my background w/ fun fact

	 - 

- Happy hour for Me!
	 - Kevin, Chris, etc.
