- 1-1 w [[Pallav Vyas]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Perf and reach for Android CoD

		 - DTM in Android?

		 - Will all of W1 be covered before provisional / hybrid? ANy chance we'll stop midway?

	 - DONE Determine eligibility criteria for CoD + AOpen #[[LM-Mobile]] #2021-W44 [[November 4th, 2021]]

	 - DONE COD + Provisional - separate high memory and low memory #[[LM-Mobile]] #2021-W44 [[November 2nd, 2021]]

	 - CoD targets
		 - Excluding auto-open - same as server

		 - Include auto-open

- [[Mindbloom - Ketamine]] integration circle
	 - Misc
		 - DONE Mindbloom job
			 - Why is 1) Mindbloom and 2) this role a dream fit for you?
				 - I am an experienced product manager, and I am seeking a product role at a company with a mission that resonates with me personally. Having benefited significantly from my personal experiences with Mindbloom, I would love to join the mission of scaling such experiences and making them more accessible.

			 - What's one of the biggest (ideally recent) wins of your career?
				 - Launched Adobe Experience Platform's data preparation product from zero to 30+ customers and partners: Discovered and validated user needs via qualitative and quantitative user research; secured buy-in & resourcing from executive leadership; built mock-ups and wire-frames; led development across cross-functional engineering teams; developed pricing, packaging, and launch plan in collaboration with marketing; iteratively launched new features

			 - How did you learn about this role?
				 - I am a Mindbloom client, and I saw a link to this role in my guide's email signature!

	 - [[Angel Durr]]
		 - PTSD; ketamine helps reset her brain; clears out emotional blockages; integration via journaling

	 - Ann
		 - Clinical depression for 25+ yrs; been through all medications

	 - Questions
		 - 

- [[Therapy]] w [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Continuing discussion from last time about alienation from parents, culture, rituals, etc.

	 - Got into a lot of trouble at school; why?
		 - Understimulated (except at math class)

		 - Attention seeking

	 - Started developing an intellectual disconnect with Indian culture and religion - through mathematics, comedy, philosophy; went through a mini European enlightenment journey myself

	 - But what's causing the emotional alienation? 

	 - What made high-school Nikhil make these decisions? What made me question and reject things given to me by my culture? Compared to other kids who accepted them?

	 - Can we get into the mind of young Nikhil and try to understand what was going on for him?
