- [[Mock PM Interview]], Tech, Disney+ algorithm
	 - Business goals

	 - Goals
		 - Maximize CTR

		 - Maximize session watch time

		 - Maximize enjoyment score

		 - Maximize LTV-time

	 - Inputs 
		 - User profile data

		 - User behavioral data

	 - Algo

	 - Output
		 - Sorted list of videos by CTR

- Use cases for Bret
	 - SQL data exploration use cases
		 - Data validation (e.g count number of records ingested).

		 - Previewing data (e.g. show me the first 5 rows of this dataset).

		 - Exploring statistical and analytical properties of data (e.g. standard deviation of user revenue).

	 - SQL data preparation use cases
		 - Data cleansing (e.g. standardizing different date-time formats).

		 - Data transformation for CJA (e.g. merge multiple fields across datasets into a single field).

		 - Data preparation for dashboards (e.g. computing aggregate metrics).

- AEP - Dashboard experience discussion
	 - Last yr experience and limitations; there was no "live querying", instead they took extracts of 50k into powerBI and queried those.

	 - Postgres connector had issues; 50k row limit for postgres connector.

	 - Live connection vs. data export to Tableau.

	 - Live connection now goes to DWH rather than DL, so there is no limitation.

	 - Warehouse provisioning
		 - Commercial org

		 - ADLS Gen 2

		 - Profile

		 - File JIRA for whitelisting - Provisioning Hub

		 - Feature flag for individual users

- Keri dates
	 - Monday, 3/29

	 - Friday, 3/26

	 - Thursday, 4/1

- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  9}}
		 - Yesterday and today I set a lot of goals for myself which I didn't do. Let's look at the two specific things that I didn't do and think about why that might have happened.

		 - First is the Data Prep training. This just represents everything I hate about my job. It's going to be an extremely poor quality product that comes out... or at least I think it will be. The explore part is maybe OK, but the prep part will be horrible unless I get Kevin involved. OK. Let's get Kev involved. But why didn't I do any of that? What was I feeling? I was feeling like it's not going to be good anyway so might as well not start. Actually, it was caused by fear and anxiety. I was trying to avoid the feelings of fear and anxiety that go along with that task. How do I know that? It's quite possible that's what was happening. I need to be able to work through my anxiety in a calm way.

		 - Is it the same with the behavioral interview prep? Yes, it's an anxiety inducing task for me, because I've had bad experiences with it in the past - Shambhavi's team, Cruise interview, Uber recruiter, that I'm just scared to approach it now. But I've also had good experiences with it in the past - how did I get through my interviews at Cornerstone and Adobe and Yale? Obviously I was able to showcase leadership skills... but just not here. I mean in my Adobe role. I'm a smart guy, I can communicate extremely well, and I'm confident. What's the fear here? The fear is that I haven't built really cool products end to end, but that's OK. I just need to talk about what I've done. It's fine. I know I'll be able to succeed if I just work on it.

		 - So is there a more general reason? Do I think that if I had put some other tasks at those time slots I would not have avoided them? What was the other thing? Curating my task list... another anxiety inducing task. What's an easy one? MCIT. Yes, that induces much less  anxiety. Or if I had to create a wiki for my PPC. Why didn't I do those things either? Don't have a good process for it. Again I'll cry this weekend that I didn't fix my processes. That's not a good feeling. 

		 - Did it go better yesterday? Does it generally go better when I meditate and journal in the mornings? I'm not sure, because I'm not really tracking it. Should I? Well, I shouldn't make it another thing to do now. Look on the bright side... had a succesful Google first round. Have a FB round coming up. Few things in the pipeline. 

		 - What's the solution tomorrow? It's a busy day anyway. 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal
