- Working on [[LM Vision]] - Academic researcher use cases
	 - User persona
		 - James

		 - PhD student in Economics at San Jose State University

		 - Research question: how does income vary by gender and by job function in the tech industry?

		 - Tech enthusiast

	 - Adaptive content
		 - I want to see content related to my research question across different papers!

		 - I want to visualize data related to my research question sliced by the dimensions I'm interested in!

		 - 

	 - Domain
		 - Pain point: I have so many papers to read!

		 - Which papers are most relevant to my research question? 

		 - Which sections of the papers are most relevant?

		 - 

	 - Intent
		 - I need to follow up on the highlighted citations - read the papers

		 - I want to share relevant papers and highlights with other researchers!

- 1-1 [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - PMM sync is broken...

		 - Shared UI update

		 - Accessibility - Screen reader app improvement 

	 - Notes
		 - DONE Make list of iOS analytics bugs - meeting w Cecelia + Andre Effremov
			 - Double counting taps

			 - Batching / buffering events

		 - DONE Set up charles meeting

		 - Doc Gen
			 - 

- Bea / Nikhil: Weekly 1-1 [[Bea Alessio]]
	 - Agenda
		 - App review response

		 - Abhay doc

	 - iOS stand up; 10-11

	 - DONE Draft
		 - Hi there! We're sad to hear that you're not enjoying Liquid Mode. :( You can always toggle Liquid Mode on or off by clicking the water drop icon above the document.

We're working hard to improve Liquid Mode, and we'd love to hear your feedback about it! To provide feedback, click on the three dots menu when viewing a document and click "provide feedback". Thank you!

- 1-1 [[Pallav Vyas]]
	 - DONE Ask iOS team for a log of Analytics - ask Steve or David 

	 - Android cod rollout plan 
		 - Wave 1 - 25% of Android market - start w 1% of thse, then ramp up

		 - ENd state - all Wave 1 devices

- 1-1 [[Carl Dockhorn]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Accessibility team at Adobe

	 - Accessibility
		 - Abledocs - competitor to LM; using PDFUA

		 - PDFUA - certified to be accessible

		 - Spec says human reviewed - ask Matthew when human review is required

	 - Rob team
		 - Rob is liasion to corp team and doc cloud team

		 - Andrew Kirkpatrick's team is the head of accessibility for all Adobe

	 - Carl's project - PDF accessibility
		 - Colorado - improves speed of manual tagging

		 - Acrobat Desktop has built in auto-tagging based on heuristics (not AI); goal is to replace that with AI

		 - Ally tool - improves the manual tagging process in Acro Desktop; more user friendly

	 - Users of A11y tool
		 - PPL who need to make PDF accessible

		 - Few customers have teams dedicated to this

		 - Most customers have evangelists for a11y, but they delegate to doc creators

		 - Business model: API per use pricing

	 - Noteworthy
		 - Governments and universities are telling ppl to stop using PDFs

- View team sync w [[Randy Swineford]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Doc gen - top of funnel / can we get Joe Karp support?

		 - iOS expansion - can we go ahead without waiting?

- 
