- 1-1 with [[Aditya Baul]] on [[DC AI PM Interview]]
	 - Questions for Aditya
		 - What's the end to end flow from product discovery to delivery?
			 - Which customers do I talk to? What products are they using?

			 - Who do I make the business case to?

			 - Which engineering and design teams do I work with?

		 - What are the top product areas and features?

	 - [[Behavioral Interview stories]]

	 - About team
		 - Neither Acrobat nor Sign

		 - Advance what's possible with documents

		 - 1.5B+ ARR for Acrobat

		 - Transition to web and mobile - how?

		 - Trying to build a DC platform - for consumers, for enterprise, for developer

		 - Work with Sign and Acrobat PMs to productize our technologies and take

		 - Growing business models - can we become default PDF for MacOS or ios?

	 - Roles
		 - 1 - focused on short-term - understanding tables in documents; structure and sub-structure; reports to Randy

		 - 2 - T-shaped role; bridge ML with products; bringing on-device Android for Liquid mode; Shipping v1 of contract understanding; 

	 - Interview process
		 - Randy - behavioral; EQ stuff

		 - Aditya - core product; product sense; execution

		 - Last round - panel interview

	 - Next steps
		 - DONE Resume + hackathon project and similar projects

	 - Timeline
		 - ASAP - next

- DONE [[MBAs at Adobe - community conversations]] Happiness curve #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W11 [[March 18th, 2021]]
	 - Happiness curve
		 - Moving abroad, low

		 - Started making friends, high 

		 - College, high

		 - Rejected from PhD programs, low

		 - MBA admit, high

		 - Struggling to find a job

		 - 

		 - Got married

	 - Hobbies since Covid
		 - Beer

- GTD
	 - DONE Sunset shores dispute #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W11 [[March 18th, 2021]]
		 - Alt bids

		 - Carla email
			 - Hi Carla - Thank you very much for your email.

			 - Facts

			 - Next steps
				 - 

	 - DONE 2020 tax docs #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Finance]] #2021-W11

	 - DONE Betterment transfer #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Finance]] #2021-W16
		 - Transfer existing betterment portfolio to joint account

		 - Transfer Schwab and Adobe account balances to Betterment

		 - Set reminders / task for transfering ADBE every vesting period

	 - DONE Mid-term schedule 

	 - DONE Themed dinner Friday: http://epistemh.pbworks.com/w/file/fetch/45787947/0198237529%20-%20Davidson,%20Donald%20 #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]] #2021-W11 [[March 18th, 2021]] 

	 - TODO Rewire your anxious brain #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

	 - DONE Gopro video editing #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE We should fix google photos sharing #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Goal - reading and academia #[[Personal-Goals]]

	 - TODO Tata biographies #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

- [[Facebook PM Interview]] with recruiter [[Brittany Taylor]]
	 - About me

	 - First round
		 - 45m x 2 back to back - product sense, product execution

		 - Product execution - can you use data to make decisions? how to measure product success? Evaluate complex trade-offs; set goals, prioritize metrics; break down the problem; how to develop metrics and diagnose metrics; be very structured; questions - "why do you think we built stories? what are the metrics?"

		 - Product sense - user driven; what is the value and impact for users; bottoms up approach to PM; identify target market and segment; focus on specific user segments; start with broad range of users then focus on a specific group; how well did you identify problems for the users identified. Solution should come at the end;

	 - Final round
		 - 4x 45 mins

		 - Product sense

		 - Execution

		 - AI - related cross-functional; behavioral + AI related

		 - Leadership and drive
			 - Behavioral questions on leading and supporting a team

			 - Self-awareness that I'm humble and looking to grow

			 - Take ownership on team and failures;

			 - Will need to walk through the lifecycle of a project and point out individual things that happened

			 - Empathy with cross-functional partners

	 - Speech role
		 - Focusing on speech for all needs

		 - Work with the speech team to prioritize product requirements 

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review training content - do you have expedia deck?

		 - Bug triage

	 - Customer bug triage meeting
		 - Process

	 - Block - when one statement fails what happens to the block?

- DONE Babu / Meera wiki update

- Meeting with [[Andrew Chen]], [[Anil Malkani]]
	 - Interactive - done
		 - Looked at one day of data and compared to 

	 - Batch - wait for Paul
		 - The metric Paul is capturing is different than what we have in CosmosDB

	 - Triaging process
		 - Critical and blockers - Anil looks at it daily

	 - Kevin issues
		 - Cannot be more than 100GB / job run time is max 6 h

	 - DONE Fix platirs

	 - 

- 
