- DONE Finalize save the dates and groups #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W31

- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Today's prompt, what seeds to I want to plant in my life for the next season?

		 - But, as a side topic it's also Rukma's birthday today. It's going to be a lovely day. We both got nicely dressed up. We're going to buy Rukma a new iPhone for her birthday, then we pick up some cake, and then come home to cook lunch, and then dinner. Probably get some bubbly / sparkling stuff. OK. Made the plan for the afternoon. Next what else? Back to topic.

		 - What will I welcome into my life?

		 - More acceptance and openness to my feelings and emotions. I will start welcoming and being open to how I'm feeling what I'm thinking and what I'm sensing. I've already started noticing a little bit via therapy and because of Rukma, but I will be more open to it. 

		 - Thoughts, feelings, and emotions. I want to welcome these things. Thoughts are already very welcome in my life, but actually even thoughts, I could welcome the full spectrum rather than only the kind of thoughts that I want. So, that's where I would start. How to be open? Will work on some thoughts and strategies, but it probably involves a combination of pausing in the middle of the happenings themselves, and also meditating at other times to specifically welcome the feelings and emotions. Shinzen style meditation is a lovely start to this process. We can start even today by trying to rest on the feelings.

		 - But one thing to be careful of when restarting this project is not to get upset if the desired result is not happening. Don't hold so strongly to a desired result. Just be open, observe what happens, and be gentle. Often I notice that there is almost a default tendency to be tense in these moments... but when I noticing I relax the tension and that makes me feel better.

		 - What else do I want to welcome? I want to welcome a general sense of relaxation in my life. Relaxing the rules. Being more comfortable with lack of structure and rules. It's ok if things don't always go as planned... we'll come back to it tomorrow or next week. More openness to spontenaity. Just picking up on impulses and what I feel like doing at a given moment rather than planning in advance. 

		 - What else do I want to welcome? What's the list so far?
			 - Feelings and emotions

			 - Relaxation of rules

			 - Spontaneity 

		 - Yes, these are the main things that I want to welcome in my life this season. My life would be so much better with these components in it. Also, it would contribute to a better relationship with Rukma. I mean, our life together would be better with these things in it.

		 - I think those are the main things that I want to be open to.

		 - What else do I want to write about right now? Looking forward to today! :) Little nervous but also looking forward to the week ahead. I think I have to come to terms with the fact that Saurabh and Meera will know that I'm looking elsewhere, but it's OK.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal
