- AEP behavioral
	 - What are the main projects that I accomplished at AEP? Think about it from a delivery / execution standpoint.

	 - 

- Chat with [[Jessica Kim]] from [[Uber Recruiting]] 
	 - Multiple product openings

	 - DONE Update product stories for Behaviorals #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]]
		 - Goals and metrics for product

		 - Prioritization

		 - Operational considerations

	 - First round interview is role specific; 45 mins

	 - Next - Jam session

- DONE Behavioral interview prep conversations #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]]
	 - Rick W

	 - Amazon?

- [[Mock PM Interview]], Self, Google Home {{POMO  10}}
	 - Goals
		 - Google mission: Organize the world's information.

	 - Users
		 - Geographic - USA / Asia / etc.

		 - Business vs consumer

		 - Age groups: young vs old

	 - User needs
		 - Ask questions specific to my business needs; when is my next break coming up?

		 - Ask questions in different languages.

	 - Industry trends

	 - Product ideas
		 - Integration with business information systems - HR, supply chain, finance, operations, email.

		 - Integration with more applications - WhatsApp, Instagram, Snap, etc.

		 - Question - answering in other languages.

- Call with [[Geico]] on [[Hyundai Tucson]]
	 - Agenda
		 - What is the impact of a reporting on my policy premium?

		 - Reporting vs. claim

		 - Good driver discount?

	 - California Good Driver
		 - Acciddents repor

	 - Subclass factor
		 - 5 year good driver discount - not specific to CA

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - DONE Set up time with parents - regular #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - Why did I develop distance from my parents? They were too pushy and I had to push back a lot. 

	 - Mom being pushy: E.g. going back to Rohini, reading Hanuman Chalisa.

	 - Dad being pushy: E.g. get married, get a job.

	 - They were unwilling to engage with the uniqueness of their son; kept repeating the same things again

	 - No emotional fluidity with my parents - they keep making the same suggestions over and over again

	 - Got very emotional during the conversation: anger, sadness, disappointment

	 - A lot of the rift is due to differing religious and value beliefs

	 - Go back to deep dive into parents - individually, who they are.
