- GTD
	 - DONE **Employee Preventing Discrimination and Harassment** training in  **6.0** day(s) from now. due [[January 25th, 2021]] #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2021-W3

	 - DONE Sand proof beach mat #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Beach umbrella #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]] #Someday

	 - DONE Laptop riser #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE AW1 reset #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-IT]]

	 - DONE Sunscreen for beach #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Digital minimalism plans and tracking #[[Personal-Goals]]

	 - DONE Behavioral interview prep https://www.reddit.com/r/ProductManagement/comments/l09q5g/behavioral_questions_in_tech_pm_interviews/ #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]]

	 - DONE Get FB Portal for parents, grandparents

- Update COGS [[January 19th, 2021]]

- UI Meeting with [[Matt Colon]], [[Doug Smith]], [[Keshav Vadrevu]], [[Aniket]]
	 - Matt: Discussed QS UI dependencies

	 - DONE Matt/Nikhil: SQL Prep UI (like ML Services - showing prep jobs history)

- [[QS-UPS]] feedback with [[Doug Smith]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Vision: we have to show our customers what is possible and help them get to the end goal

	 - UI / UX should be in context - 

	 - DONE Slide updates
		 - UI - who is the user persona? Where will this be surfaced -- Mention Self-service for customers rather than Consulting spend

		 - Customer demand slide - add "so I can"

		 - Vision slide - Add a positive message at the top "Unified Behavioral Events" Start with the bottom part not the top part

- [[QS-UPS]] meeting with [[John Anderson]], [[Matt Freestone]], [[Brian Pong]]
	 - Agenda
		 - DONE What are the configurations for ID graph?

		 - What is the "common ID"?

		 - DONE Can we have multiple ID graphs?

	 - DONE Dashboards use case feedback
		 - Lookup table is unrealistic / can we get a real example?

	 - Identity settings
		 - Algorithm
			 - Traditional algorithm

			 - Shared device splitting algorithm

		 - Namespaces
			 - Shared device name space: ECID i.e. the ID that is split between multiple people

			 - Cross-device ID: What are you splitting it against? i.e. "Person ID"

			 - Only relevant to identify which device needs to be split

		 - Future configs - sessionization, etc.

	 - CJA use cases
		 - https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/omtrplatform/CJA-UIS+integration+use+cases

	 - Can we have multiple versions of Graph export?
		 - Single graph per IMS org

		 - Update daily

		 - 

- [[QS-UPS]] review with [[Klaasjan Tukker]]
	 - DONE Slide feedback
		 - Title Slide: Don't use AEP abbreviation (get rid of brackerts)

		 - AEP Vision
			 - Unified Profile > "Real Time Customer Profile"

			 - Unified Identity Service > Identity Service

			 - Gaps
				 - Specify that Source is Profile and Destination is

		 - DONE Write access to KT

		 - Drivers
			 - Draw box around red - common patterns

		 - AEP Dashboards
			 - Use KT's "Journey" slide

		 - Why not Profile Exports?
			 - All the data in the lake is not in profile store

			 - 1 yr - 2 yr time window

			 - I need the data right now

			 - Eg
				 - Suppose I have 2 years of data - analytics, call center, and in-store

				 - 3TB data

				 - Profile license is only allowing 1TB

				 - No use for this in profile store

		 - GTM
			 - Can it be in AEP Intelligence?

			 - Destinations: 1st generation vs. 2nd generation data
				 - Stitching = second generation data

			 - Link PLATIRs here
