- LM sync w [[Amanpreet Kang]], [[Misha Arora]]
	 - DONE Ask to move Sprint planning meeting

- GTD
	 - DONE Toe hand warmers #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Clean jackets #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Mindbloom integrations

	 - DONE Extra fitted sheet

	 - DONE Teladoc for strattera

	 - DONE Amazon pharmacy sign up

	 - DONE Oven baking dishes #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Salt

	 - DONE Reserve flight seats #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]] #2021-W42

	 - 

- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - I just listened to the Alan Watts clip from my last Mindbloom journey. It's about living fully in the present moment. Not always being anxious about the past or the future. I like this practice that I'm doing. Now I'm listening to the soundtrack from my last journey.

		 - This is a good routine / ritual. Listen to the quote and soundtrack from my last ketamine journey while I journal. The sounds really take me back to the journey a little bit.

		 - What does the journey signify for me? It signifies possibility. A larger, expanded mind. My mind doesn't need to be stuck in its current patterns. I don't need to be caught up in my daily anxieties and worries. I am bigger than that. 

		 - It's like Oprah says about the big mind and the little minds. I'm bigger than my little minds. Journeying on ketamine helps me to connect with my big mind. It's nice to get out of the little minds for some time. 

		 - It's like I'm transported to a different world. But how do I integrate the other world with this world? That's why I have markers and reminders of my journeys. Keep adding more of those in more places in my life.

	 - [[What am I grateful for today?]]
		 - I'm grateful for the ketamine journeys that I'm able to have, and that expand my mind.

		 - I'm grateful for how supportive Rukma is in my life.

		 - I'm grateful for the loving parents that I have.

	 - [[How does peace show up in my life?]]

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- 1-1 w [[Pallav Vyas]]
	 - CoD overview
		 - 2 core scrum teams - eng and ML
			 - ML - baby yoda

			 - Eng - render, process output, input, etc.

	 - My responsibilities
		 - 

- 1-1 w [[Chris French]]
	 - Chris primarily working on Extract API

	 - Works little bit on Colorado powered Edit - but that's mostly led by Joydeep's desktop team;

	 - DONE 1-1s w Steven and Hugo

	 - [[DC review service]] - 
		 - Chris worked on this before joining file

		 - Only for Doc cloud subscribers. Can add comments to a file without acrobat

- 1-1 w [[Tianyuan Cai]]

- Team meeting playing [[Codenames]] w [[Randy Swineford]], [[Aditya Baul]], [[Priyanka Kumar]], [[Hugo Pelland]], [[Steven Bruce]], [[Chris French]]
	 - Red team words
		 - Maple

		 - Cotton

	 - Blue team words
		 - Tag??

- DONE Social ideas #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]
	 - Great america / halloween haunt

	 - Oyster shucking

	 - 
