- PQS Metering with [[Andrew Chen]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Is query duration as a cost driver?

		 - Session duration
			 - Idle time vs. active time doesn't matter?

		 - Entitlement reporting
			 - Data read addition?

	 - Interactive metrics
		 - __p.m.query-service.interactive.sessionSeconds__ - we don't have this metric for historical data

		 - Existing metric of session duration uses timer metric; rather, we want to use window counter metric type

		 - We don't get the actual session time total;

		 - We can try to approximate using timer metric

		 - No historical data on this metric

	 - Batch metrics
		 - Not existing

		 - Can get from Cosmos DB

		 - DONE Can we get spend data by workspace instead of sub? #[[QS-misc]]

	 - ComsosDB
		 - Query / call to get data has to be running from our cloud environment

	 - What is Databricks?
		 - They run the spark cluster for you; it's a lot of work otherwise

		 - Proprietary databricks runtimes; faster than general spark runtimes

		 - Azure can't do it themselves; the DB run-time is proprietary and super-fast; leaders in the compute space

	 - DB
		 - Cluster > Create cluster 

- Analytics field call with [[Nils Engel]] on [[QS-export]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Overview

		 - What are your customer use cases?

	 - Customer use cases
		 - We like what CJA is doing to the data. Sessionization and joining.

	 - Data access API
		 - Doug - get raw parquet files; problems; batch labels was an issue; lot of nuance; 

		 - DONE Document limits of Data Access API

		 - Egress needs a lengthy SQL-job

		 - DONE UI based egress capability

- 1-1 with [[Yogitha Chilukuri]] on Data Access API

- Data export with [[Joel Huff]]
	 - AEP teams can use service token to move data around

	 - Customer-facing: Pull data out using Data Access API and then use Data Ingestion API to ingest.

	 - Orchestration Service: tie these steps together.

- [[QS-export]] CA Deck Draft
	 - Customer demand
		 - Best Buy: We want to enrich our Adobe Analytics data using Query Service and egress the data to our enterprise Data Lake in GCP for downstream use cases such as Data Science. 

		 - Other logos: Walmart, Home Depot, Microsoft, Coca-Cola

	 - Drivers and use cases
		 - AAM

		 - AA / CJA

		 - AEP Intelligence

	 - Strategy and vision

	 - Requirements

	 - Roadmap phasing

	 - GTM

	 - Next steps

- Call with [[Joe Starzyk]] on taxes
	 - Joint return - have to declare all income from all over the world

	 - State residency
		 - Rukma's is straight forward
