- QS Demo with [[Wouter]], [[Rohan Kapoor]]
	 - Adobe Analytics Web SDK has to be implemented anyway, which will move way from Adobe Analytics; Adobe Analytics is not a good source of data.

	 - Small dataset - Add more lines

	 - For demo upgrade - what kind of data we want to add

	 - Tell Wouter what kind of data we want - what are the 

	 - Data prep - income 

- [[AEP DTI Status]]
	 - Top Win
		 - LASA: Realized significant improvements in Query Service performance and stability for LASA's daily dashboards refresh. Daily build time down from 4+ hrs to 2 hrs.

	 - Customer

	 - Projects
		 - Omnichannel Insights on AEP
			 - [CA Deck](https://adobe.sharepoint.com/:p:/s/CG-AEPDataAnalyticServices/ER5AatJ4UAxAh8HKcPxG-ZYBf040zqxTArTxdwep3Fr6sw?e=1pDpaY)
				 - Delayed, Q3

				 - Working through GTM options with key stakeholders.  

		 - SMB Unified View (DDOM) on AEP
			 - [Wiki](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/IDS/SMB+-+Unified+View)
				 - On-track, Q3

				 - Kickstarted requirements gathering and AEP capability mapping.

		 - Enterprise Readiness for Query Service
			 - Metering and cost governance: [Wiki](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/AEPLT/Metering+Architecture#MeteringArchitecture-QueryService), [Jira](https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLAT-86963)
				 - On-track, Q2

			 - Entitlements and license usage transparency: [Document](https://adobe-my.sharepoint.com/:x:/p/zmeili/EY6RXFLmHsZDr7-HxVY4HO0BRNxgN3s2UtbjRuRm1Cibow?e=4%3AC7I3f3&at=9&CID=d41cfffb-4dfe-9127-c0b1-4475352c58ed), [Wiki](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=DMSArchitecture&title=License+Usage), [Jira](https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLAT-51369)
				 - On-track, Q2

			 - Usage metrics (AEP Intelligence Console): [Wiki](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/DMSArchitecture/Query+Service+Metrics)
				 - On-track, Q3

			 - DULE and Skybridge: [Wiki](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=2135559597)
				 - Delayed, Q4

			 - Enterprise Sync: [Wiki](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/DMSArchitecture/AEP+Enterprise+Destinations)
				 - On-track, Q4

- Meeting with [[Chris Luby]]
	 - Adobe DDOM on AEP - will help with the productization story

	 - Off-topic Enterprise Sync
		 - DONE Separate out export step from post-processing

	 - Use cases: real-time reporting
		 - NBA example (real example): Current viewers; games trending towards hot; push notification to people who bailed on the game

		 - Apple (hypothetical): Want to see sales minute by minute

	 - Solution use cases
		 - Media and analytics team: Doing their own real-time reporting specific to media use cases; may satisfy part of the NBA use case, but not all, and definitely not the Apple use case

		 - Sierra: using observability platform

		 - Problem: solutiosn need a cheep answer with specific use cases.

		 - We need to target customers who have custom business logic use cases

	 - Next steps
		 - Define the roadmap and estimate the cost

		 - Go to market: ? Real-time reporting enough? Or do they actioning?

		 - Needs more work from Anil's team

	 - DONE Meet with Russell Lewis to learn more about this use case

	 - 

- EY/Adobe - AEP Use Case Exploration [[EY]]
	 - Intros
		 - Thor: Data analyst / data scientist

		 - Charles Flynn: Data engineer

		 - Danesh: Data engineer

		 - Kumar Harsh: QA with Adobe Analytics background

	 - Project overview
		 - They want PowerBI dashboards with a roll-up / summary level view 

		 - They want to create an equivalent view in the Data Lake to the profile store; want to do Data Science on unified data.

	 - Stitching
		 - Web - anonymous data (no sign in)

		 - Marketo webinar data

		 - Email data

		 - Other data sources

		 - Lens interactions

	 - Stitching
		 - Unify different stores of data

		 - Currently doing joins using Python

		 - Want to have a unified view and then be able to export

	 - Data egress
		 - Want to export 

- [[Nick Chua]] and Nikhil Maddirala
	 - UChicago '18 grad

	 - Working in Private Equity for 1-2 years

	 - Then founded startup

- 1-1 Nikhil / Colin, [[Colin Morris]]
	 - How do we support them?

- 1-1 with [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - DONE Update slides

	 - DONE Send mail to Lisa - asking if he can join?

	 - DONE Spike for DDOM Adobe.com UIS / join  #[[QS-UPS]] #2021-W9

	 - DONE Slides on Ares - SQL

- Plan for sensitive data in Profile exports Reporting, [[Shidhin]], [[Arun Manoharan]]
	 - How to get AEP Dashboards into the Trust boundary?

	 - DONE Update trust wiki and Set up meet with Shidin #[[QS-misc]] 

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Send emails to whom?

	 - DONE EY email - CA meeting follow-up
		 - Like Profile, but they want

		 - They were so excited that they signed up for the beta on the call itself

		 - Tremendous value they are seeing

- RE: Stitched Omni-channel events in Data Lake for Insights - CA GTM with [[Jim Rivera]], [[Suman Basetty]], [[Meera Srinivasan]]

- DONE Cerave cream #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]
