- [[Waymo]] R1 interview, Behavior, with [[Vinutha Kallem]]
	 - Ref
		 - Cheat sheets
			 - [[PM Interview Cheat Sheet]]

			 - [[Behavioral Interview stories]]

			 - [[Google PM Interview]]

		 - Qs for interviewer
			 - About the role

			 - About the team

	 - About
		 - About Vinutha
			 - PM in behavior prediction

			 - Always in autonomy and prediction; PhD then moved to product

			 - Cruise, then Waymo

	 - Behavioral
		 - When did I convince leadership? Data Prep

		 - When did I learn something new? Analytics

	 - About robotics system
		 - 4 parts of stack
			 - Perception - cameras, LIDAR, sensors, etc.; recognizing objects, agents, etc.; current velocities and accel

			 - Behavior prediction - take info from perception and predict what agents might do; predict several trajectories with likelihoods

			 - Planner - takes info from perception, prediction, and routing to build the plan

			 - Controls - physical realization of plan

	 - Case - PM for prediction - predict cyclist behavior; predict trajectories and likelihoods
		 - Context
			 - Already have a model in Phoenix, but may not scale; based on heuristics

			 - We want to move to an ML model; we need to decide what to invest in

		 - Metrics
			 - Predict n trajectories with likelihoods

			 - Cyclist entering the path

			 - Accuracy of most likely path

		 - Costs

		 - Benefits

		 - Risks

	 - About
		 - 3 roles in behavior team; 1 for prediction, 2 for planner

		 - Vinutha leads all prediction; anything that moves is behavior prediciton

		 - Focus on next product, while also focusing on long term horizon

		 - Role
			 - Stakeholders: eng leads; data scientists; PMM; product strategy; PM org

			 - 

- DC Analytics migration/leveraging AEP w [[Brian Block]], [[Mano Sankaran]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Ad-hoc querying

		 - Dashboard

		 - [[IDS Hadoop]]

		 - Why we want AEP
			 - Current workflows
				 - Adobe Analytics dashboards

				 - Ad-hoc HQL queries on Hue / Hadoop

				 - Dashboards on Tableau + Hadoop

			 - Potential benefits of AEP - today
				 - Accelerated ad-hoc querying via DWH

				 - Building dashboards in DWH

			 - Future
				 - AEP Custom Dashboards

				 - ARES - SQL integration

	 - About team
		 - Mano - Pulling data from Hadoop

		 - Jyothsna - Data Mart

		 - Goal - want to make AEP an offering for PM teams

		 - Goal - they want to develop playbooks to on-board teams onto AEP; they want this to be a model for other teams

	 - Joel / PK work
		 - They are already working on onboarding sourcedata onto AEP

	 - Multi-cloud use cases - do we combine the aa data with other data like entitlements or finance

	 - DPaas
		 - Data platforms as a service

		 - We want to migrate workloads from on-prem Hadoop to the cloud

		 - Want to track how much compute reduction we 

	 - Next steps
		 - Nikhil and DC team to get access to AEP

		 - Brian's team to share early version of playbook for DPaaS

- Additional Weekly 1-1: Nikhil / Aditya w [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Relocation

		 - Questionnaire

	 - Relocation
		 - Aditya will ask Randy

		 - I need to ask about legal implications

	 - DONE Ask about relocation - Saloni

	 - DONE Set up 4-4.30 w Aditya

	 - Analytics
		 - Provisional and auto-open analytics

		 - DONE Charles - set up #[[LM-Metrics]]

		 - How many people opted-in, and then what's the pipeline look like? For iOS analysis, need to include provisional.

		 - We need to build a rigor of looking at our reports every week to look for anomalies.

	 - Have fact sheet ready

- LM Interview Script
	 - Introduction: role and team
		 - Start with a round of introductions.

		 - Your survey response indicates that your role is a <<ROLE>> in <<TEAM>>. Can you please describe your team and role in more detail?

	 - Use cases - general
		 - Who are the end users for the document automation workflows you build?

		 - Can you briefly describe the end to end workflow?
			 - What does it look like from the end user perspective?

			 - From your perspective?

		 - What are they key user needs and pain points?
			 - For the end user?

			 - For you?

		 - What types of documents do you work with?
			 - How would you categorize them?

	 - Use cases - LM specific
		 - What kind of documents would you like to be displayable in a mobile-optimized view?

		 - How do the end users of your workflow view documents on a mobile device?

	 - Other
		 - What are your current pain points? Work-arounds?

- LM survey help
	 - Hi Team — What survey tools do we use for customer research? Our colleagues over at DC Platform are having some licensing issues with their existing survey tool (MaritzCX) and are looking for some alternative suggestions. Thanks!

- DONE Hyundai 9.45am on Sat 17

- [[Therapy]] with [[Tucker Peck]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Road trip / motel selection

		 - OCDP / coffee shop incident

	 - Talked about my discomfort with OCPD
		 - Feedback - I need to get more into the sensation

		 - The thoughts are harder to work with; I need to get to the emotional sensation

	 - Meditation
		 - Make meditation a priority; do it for 20-25 mins / 6x days per week

		 - Look for subtler gradations of breath - where does it begin and end? I can feel it in my hip, but I can't feel it in my foot, so where's the boundary? 

	 - CBT therapy - HW
		 - Unless there's a safety threat - assume that when something feels wrong, it isn't; temporary strategy

		 - Focus on the internal state; re-frame the problem - I am agitated

	 - DONE Tucker ph: 561 715 6696 - text for contact

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Talked a bit about mom

	 - Talked about relationship differences with Rukma

	 - General mood disorder - where I'm apathetic towards things in my life; e.g. apathetic towards future savings goals

	 - General apathy / existential towards my life goals

- Call with parents
	 - DONE Share Coorg album

- 
