- GTD
	 - DONE Return wifi extender

- Message [[Vivek Maddirala]]
	 - All good man — we should catch up again sometime soon! 

	 - I don't really know too much about crypto, but if you want my views:

Future of crypto: Yes, I think crypto will  definitely be an important global currency in future, but it's impossible to predict which particular cryptocurrency will become dominant. Will it be bitcoin, etherium, or some new cryptocurrency that hasn't even been invented yet? No one knows.

Mining crypto: I know even less about this, but you would need to do your due diligence on the cost benefit analysis (just like any business proposal). Obviously it will be profitable if you can mine at a low cost, but I think your mining costs will be much higher compared to large I think that large mining operations that have dedicated server farms.

- 1-1 [[Chris French]]
	 - Agenda
		 - How to find developers to interview?

	 - Extract web page
		 - Lot of web traffic to the page - driven by paid search

	 - Customer outreach for developers
		 - Blog posts describing beta of extract and got sign-ups; used these leads for interviews

		 - Idea: send email / survey to all API customers to qualify leads; Joao is already working on this; we can have a branching survey to qualify leads

		 - GLG credits: use this to interview high-level people

	 - Other channels for customer acquisition for APIs
		 - Related user group is Power Automate (similar to IFTTT) - we have templates for PDFs within Power Automate

		 - AWS marketplace listing - but it's small

		 - Paid search acquisition

- 1-1 [[Bea Alessio]]
	 - Two main projects in Analytics - auto-open analysis and CoD performance analytics project

	 - CoD Performance Analytics Dashboard
		 - Create new segments

		 - Create AA panel based on the new segments

- DCAI team meeting with [[Randy Swineford]]
	 - Discussed APS slide template

- [[Interstitial journaling]]
	 - Finished on Randy's meeting. Was quite distracted during the meeting. Kept browsing reddit and other things. But what else do do when I can't relate to the meeting? Either I should decide to focus on the meeting, or I should have specific things that I'm doing otherwise. Not just mind wandering. I think this is a good call. Have it on parallel in my calendar. The calendar parallel can say "GTD" or "Work task XX" or "Chill"

- Initial sync on auto-open analysis w [[Aditya Baul]], [[Bea Alessio]]
	 - Reviewed wiki on auto-open analysis.

	 - DONE Add tools usage comparison to auto-open analysis

- Mentoring with [[Bradshaw Rovens]]
	 - DONE Set up time w/ COmmunity conversations lead

- Analytics for predictive PDF streaming with [[Stefano Petrangeli]], [[Steven Bruce]], [[Bea Alessio]]
	 - Meeting is recorded!

	 - Researchers want to proactively decide what content the user will consume in what order

	 - Starting from 18-mins onwards Steven and Bea start talking about Analytics data.

- 1-1 [[Joao Vasconcelos Pinheiro]]
	 - Agenda

	 - LM Survey
		 - mass survey outreach followed by outreach and conversations

		 - Also want to understand extract use cases with power automate

		 - Send out surveys end of next week; collecting responses before shutdown

	 - DONE Review qualifying questions with Aditya

	 - Get usage data on APIs - who are the top customers?

	 - Ask [[Joe Karp]] if I can get in touch with account managers for big users?
