- [[Mindbloom - Ketamine]] Journey 4
	 - Intention
		 - Trust, let go, and be open!

	 - Post-session journal
		 - I feel like I went into another world, a dreamworld, and then came back. It's difficult to connect. I'm actually still seeing double vision. Maybe I should close my eyes some more. But I can also adjust.

		 - What did I dream or experience? 

		 - It's like I'm in the real world. Like Neo behind the matrix. Or some alternate world. Like Stranger Things the balck world, or like Tel'ar'and'driad in  WoT. 

		 - In the beginning I was being transported into the other world.

		 - Sometimes I wonder if I was asleep or wake during the journey? Is that normal?

		 - The other world is a mysitical world. It's a dream world. 

		 - Sometimes I see it as a matrix like VR configuratin. I'm just weeing colores and coordinates and shapes. I remember a few moments, where I was enveloped in dimensions and coordinates and colors

		 - Once I was transported inoto the last week experience of camping with Rukma. I was literally in the consciousness or mind of my self one week ago camping in the sleeping bag.

		 - Then what isthe sifnificance of this experience. What else did I see?

		 - The little thoughts in my mind- about Amanpreet, about Aditya, Bea - I felt one with all of those people. I felt as if I was in another world. 

		 - In the other world I'm coming back to this world as if it's a distant dream.

		 - What makes my Mindbloom journeys different than the dreams I have every night while I’m sleeping? My journeys are a lot more vivid and alive, but still difficult to connect back to my day-to-day life!

	 - Integration
