- [[[[Projects]]-LM User Interviews]] Internal outreach
	 - Requesting your help on a user research project to inform Adobe's Document Cloud product strategy

	 - Hello and welcome to Adobe! :) I'm reaching out to request 25 minutes of your time for help with a user research project to help inform the future Adobe's Document Cloud product strategy.

As part of this user research project, we are reaching out to newly hired Adobe employees to better understand their past interactions with PDF documents in their prior work and/or educational environments. During this meeting we will ask some basic questions about your prior experiences with PDF documents, such as: What are some examples of PDF documents you have viewed, edited, or created? What devices and applications did you use to view, create, or edit these documents? What (if anything) did you find frustrating about interacting with PDF documents? Etc.

We would be extremely grateful if you could spare some time for this brief conversation and accept the meeting invite. However, your participation is completely voluntary, so please feel free to decline this meeting invite if you do not wish to participate. Thank you very much! :)

- LM sync w [[Matthew Hardy]], [[Bea Alessio]]
	 - CoD
		 - Complete 6GB+

		 - Then complete 4-6GB

	 - DONE Meet w Cecelia, 

- 1-1 w [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - DocGen issues
			 - PDFMaker Blocker issue

		 - Analytics issues

		 - Deepak slides

	 - Bea is leaving
		 - Bea responsibilities I need to take over

		 - Coordination with client teams, but not 
