- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - Thoughts
			 - I'm overwhelmed by things going on and I can't do anything.

			 - I'm constantly attention switching and I'm burdened by so many things going on that I'm not able to focus and make progress on any single thing

			 - It's making me cranky and not wanting to engage with Rukma

			 - Just now there was an incident where I dropped some kichdi on the floor and it made me very sad

			 - But even before that what was going on?

			 - I was getting pinged by Saurabh, Meera, and customers about some 10 different issues that I had to take in and triage and prioiritize and slowly make progress on my own things

			 - I need to shut off communication infow streams while I'm working on tasks. 

			 - The constant barrage of incoming requests to me is what is causing me to feel stressed and frustrated

			 - But isn't all of that manageable? I have systems and processes in place to track down those requests and process them at the appropriate time. I think I'm constantly getting stuck in fight or flight mode, and I'm not taking a break from those things to calm down and make progress on things.

			 - Maybe I shouldn't be a product manager? What if this job is just too stressful for me? What if it just causes too much overwhelm and annoyance? But is it really the job iteslf? Or isn't it also aspects of the way in which I'm handling it? Yeah, I think it's a bit of both. Today for example, there was really no one who was making things urgent... just me getting overwhelmed... just me constantly staring at the inflow stream and not turning away to do things.

			 - Now what? Pause. Take a deep breath. Do that for a couple of mins. Then make a plan for how I want to address pending tasks in my day. I should have been doing that from the beginning... but it's OK! At least I'm doing it now. 

			 - It just needed a moment to pause. Breathe more. Meditate more. These are the best ways to take pauses. OK. Now wind down the journaling exercise.

		 - Feelings
			 - Tension in my jaw and face; teeth grinding sensation

		 - Emotion
			 - Angry > frustrated > annoyed

			 - Bad > stressed > overwhelmed

			 - 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- AEP Training deck
	 - SQL data exploration use cases
		 - Data validation (e.g count number of records ingested).

		 - Previewing data (e.g. show me the first 5 rows of this dataset).

		 - Exploring statistical and analytical properties of data (e.g. standard deviation of user revenue).

	 - SQL data preparation use cases
		 - Data cleansing (e.g. standardizing different date-time formats).

		 - Data transformation for CJA (e.g. merge multiple fields across datasets into a single field).

		 - Data preparation for dashboards (e.g. computing aggregate metrics).

- DONE Investigate Query UI issues with Cody Field #[[QS-misc]] #2021-W14

- TRowe
	 - Hi Saurabh — Sorry I missed your Bizible meeting, I had a conflicting DDOM meeting. About TRP, I didn't raise my hand because I feel like we have a lot going on right now, but if you think it's a good idea, then I'm happy to support.

- Cashew chicken #Recipe
	 - Ingredients
		 - 1 kg chicken thighs boneless skinless (a.k.a. chicken thigh fillets)

		 - 3 or 4 tbsp Sambal Oelek chili paste

		 - 2 tbsp ginger garlic paste

		 - 2 tbsp olive oil

		 - 2 tbsp balsamic vinegar

		 - 1 or 2 tbsp honey

		 - 1/2 big lime freshly squeezed

		 - 2 tbsp corriander seed powder

		 - 1 tsp garam masala

		 - 1 or 2 big bunches of cilantro (use more than you think you need)

		 - 1 or 2 cups cashew halves

		 - Salt to taste

	 - Procedure
		 - Preheat oven to 375F / 190C.

		 - Place the dish in the oven, covered with foil.

		 - After 45 minutes, remove and stir well.

		 - Put it back into the oven uncovered (without the foil) for 15 minutes.

		 - Remove from oven.

		 - Garnish with some freshly chopped cilantro.

		 - Serve with hot basmati rice.
