- Update to Saurabh
	 - Hi Saurabh

- Conversation with [[Randy Swineford]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Offer
			 - Preface: I will accept 

			 - Sr PM job description - I met all the criteria (and bonus criteria - MCIT)

			 - Adobe lateral vs. move up: MBA community / lot of exceptions

			 - I feel like I'm already performing at Sr PM (my manager was surprised)

		 - Next steps / Transition plan
			 - Me vs. hiring managers vs. recruiter

- Friction free data ingestion with [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Keshav Vadrevu]]

- GTD
	 - DONE To watch #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]
		 - Ludo

		 - Suitable boy

		 - Stories by Tagore

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Transition plan

	 - DONE PPC - get date #[[QS-misc]] #[[QS-UPS]] #2021-W18

- Dashboards meeting with [[Nichole G]], [[John Anderson]], [[Wei Li]]
	 - Listed and prioritized all Design work. SQL Prep is a pretty high priority.

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Last week incident with Rukma where I just wanted to lay in bed.

		 - Leaving things undecided / unresolved makes me keep revisiting them

	 - Job disappointment is the immediate cause of the issue, but I feel there would be some other issue if not this.

	 - I'm unable to come to a harmonious relationship with my feelings - I'm at odds with them

	 - Technique is to open myself up to my own feelings

	 - DONE Find new therapist - focus on CBT

	 - ((1dfae381-478c-431e-bf62-e479b61ce486))

	 - Jurgen sessions - focus on the big picture; find my own solutions to the micro level

	 - Visioning exercise - big picture

	 - Do I settle too much?

	 - What do I want out of my job? Why am I not passionate about PM? I'm not going to industry conferences or learning anything.
