- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - Good morning! It's Tuesday of the week. Three days left this week. Tues, wed, thurs, then I have the interview then the weekend. 

		 - Discussed with Jurgen yesterday about what's making me more sad than usual, and identified my job frustrations as one of the potential factors. That it has spillover effects into other parts of my life. When I'm sad about getting ice cream in the evening, it may partly be due to my frustrations with my job.

		 - What is my main frustration with my job? I think the lack of understanding I feel from Meera is one part of it. That she just wants to get things done and dictates things without really understanding the context. Then there's the fact that I believe we have a shitty product. It's not performant nor reliable. Lastly and most importantly I think - I feel kind of powerless to get anything done. My engineering team is not collaborative with me - primarily Anil - and it's extremely difficult to get anything done.

		 - What about auxilliary issues like with Aishwarya? That kind of stuff is tangential and why am I letting it bother me so much? I feel on the one hand obligated to do what she's asking, but on the other hand I don't want to put in that much time. What's the right solution? Push back totally? Or partial pushback - which is what I'm doing right now. I think that's totally fine. I can just explain more clearly also. Maybe I should block working time on my calendar as well. That's probably the right approach.

		 - What else? Should work on the interview deck. I think today is the time to start actually building the deck. Today and tomorrow build the deck. Thursday day time can be used to practice delivery and refine the deck. I need to clearly lay out what are the soultions I'm offering. And bifurcate the problems. And look at the competition as well. These are the pending items on the deck.

		 - What else? Relax! I got this. The day is pretty good. I'll meditate now, then go for a quick run, and work on the deck in the morning. I feel a lot better than I did yesterday.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Query usage - Home Depot + Best Buy + EY :) with [[Nick Hecht]], [[Aishwarya S]]

- Bi-weekly CJA/Query Service Sync

- Query usage - Sony

- Unified Dashboards Overview with [[Nichole G]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]

- Query Service Demo Update with [[Kevin Foster]], [[Rohan Kapoor]]

- QS Metering Sync with [[Paul Mackles]], [[Andrew Chen]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Grafana dashboard showing the two metrics for batch and interactive broken down by IMS org?

		 - Wiki that describes the cost model cost model - i.e. how to go from this metric to a $ figure?

	 - Interactive cost
		 - Use UTC time zone

		 - PQS Session Seconds All (Window counter) - later we will switch to the 

		 - Some limitations of using session counter

		 - Target 5 nodes per session, but it can be more or less

		 - Some overallocation which we're not counting - time when no IMS org is allocated to a session

		 - Tag for client ID - to show chargebacks

	 - Batch spend
		 - Metric not yet validated

	 - How do these metrics relate to existing metrics? Which is most closely related?
		 - Intearctive session duration: Old timer metric is pre-aggregated; it's good for 

		 - Query duration - doesn't tell you how many resources (core hours multiplies )

- Weekly: Project Code Name Rainbow with [[Vasanthi]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]

- ARES - SQL POC Proposal with [[Jennifer W]], [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - Trevor and I presented ARES - SQL proposal

	 - Anil Q: How will they differentiate metadata between ARES queries and other queries?

- Mock with [[Ashok Pancily Poothiyot]]
	 - Whiteboard
		 - News

		 - Goals
			 - FB Mission: What is Facebook's mission statement? Founded in 2004, Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebook to stay connected with friends and family, to discover what's going on in the world, and to share and express what matters to them.

			 - News: 

			 - Metrics: engagement for FB

		 - Users
			 - News creators
				 - Independent creators

				 - Large companies

			 - News consumers
				 - Geographies - US / India / Austrial a

				 - Age groups - youth - students; professionals; older

			 - Advertisers

		 - User needs
			 - Define some news topics of interest to me

			 - Define creators of interset to me

			 - Notifications or alerts or feed of topics that are relevant to me

			 - Read the item - embedded experience / watch / listen

			 - Commenting / reacting 

			 - Share the news items their friends and family

		 - Product ideas
			 - News app - separate app

			 - News as a tab

			 - FB News feed - special type of content
				 - Show news items

		 - Wireframe
			 - Follow creators / follow topics 
				 - (auto- recommendations)

				 - Friends are following

			 - See news items

		 - 

	 - Feedback
		 - + Clear, concise, structured

		 - - Need to take more pauses

		 - - Didn't connect user needs to user cohorts

		 - + I was a good driver of the interview

		 - + Called out caveats and tradeoffs

		 - 
