- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - Continuing with the spring cleaning ritual. What are things that I want to get rid of? I made a decent list last time. I think the point as discussed was not to approach this as a listing exercise, but just to expand on the things that are already there on my list.

		 - Let's think about my anxieties and worries. That's something that I want to start saying goodbye to. Or at least acknowledge that that's a goal. I've already made great progress on this, because on year ago today, I wouldn't even have been able to specifically label and call out that I'm having these anxieties and worries. It was just a nebulous sense of "something is not right", or "I'm feeling low". I think now I've made great progress in having a better self understanding of what and how I feel. The next step is to develop a narrative for it and understand it more deeply as a story. Then the step after that is to work on techniques for overcoming - CBT style techniques and similar. I'm already on a good journey here. For the next season, I'm going to focus more on understanding. And making a narrative. Then the season after that can be dedicated to culling.

		 - What about anxieties and worries related to my task list? Is that a different category? A little bit. This actually has a more practical solution. Can view it as an exercise done with Rumka. That also we can say goodbye to the uknown negative feelings. Now at least it's a known and named negative feeling, and one that will work on overcoming. This transition from something unknown to something known and acknowledged is a huge step in the right direction for me. 

		 - Then the last thing to get rid of is the distractions and dopamine hit addictions. Looking at my phone all the time. Want to develop methods of putting phone away. I want to say goodbye to always being a slave to my brain seeking the next dopamine hit from reading the next reddit post. Need to develop alternate behaviors for that. Maybe that's something I'm struggling with. The alternate behaviors. The alt behavior for worrying might be breathign, but what's the alt behavior for redditing? Why can't it be breathing? That's actually a good one. It can also be long form reading. But a much better alt behavior would be the breathign. 

		 - DONE Make goals lists: life, year, quarter, week - add habits and things to track #[[Personal-Goals]]

		 - OK. That's a good take on things to say goodbye to. Next time, will start looking at things to start welcoming. The first thing is the meditative openness to my thoughts, feelings, and emotions. It can start from there. 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- AEP Custom dashboards
	 - Table of contents

	 - About

	 - Stakeholders and roles

	 - Product strategy and requirements (Nikhil Maddirala)
		 - Problem statement

		 - User needs and use cases
			 - Business Intelligence Dashboards

			 - Advanced CDP and CJM Dashboards

		 - Product requirements

		 - Vision and strategy

		 - Proposed solution

		 - GTM

		 - Success metrics

	 - 4. User experience (Nichole Giamona, Rahul Mittra)

	 - 5. Engineering: Front-end (John Anderson)

	 - 6. Engineering: Back-end (Anil Malkani)

	 - 7. Architecture (Nate Ross, Serge Kazarin)

	 - 8. Schedule, dependencies and risks 

	 - 8.1. Dependencies

	 - 9. Next steps

- [[QS-Collateral]] meeting with [[Kevin Foster]]
	 - DONE Set up time on ETL APIs with Anil and Kevin - Lok, 

	 - DONE Give Kevin recording instructions

	 - Where are you with your demo?

	 - Deck feedback
		 - 

- Call with [[Etrade]]
	 - Restrictions
		 - Cannot transfer ESPP shares - need to sell them

		 - RSUs - open to transfer

	 - ACATs
		 - Request partial transfer - do not request full transfer

		 - Partial transfer costs $25, full transfer costs $75

		 - 5-7 days

	 - DTC transfer
		 - Etrade initiated - stock plan transfer form

		 - 2-8 business days

		 - Free of cost

	 - Cost basis information
		 - Cost basis information does not transfer over. Need to download separately.

		 - If I sell in the stock plan, there will be a document that provides all this info.

	 - Cash transfer
		 - Wire the money to brokerage account; $25 - 1 business day

		 - ACS transfer; 3 business days

- PM Interview with [[Aditya Baul]] on [[DC AI PM Interview]]
	 - Resume questions 
		 - Data prep

		 - Hard questions

		 - Trade-offs

	 - Whiteboard - new PM for Airbnb 
		 - Context
			 - Rev down Quarter on Quarter 10%

			 - Intuition: 

		 - Internal vs. external
			 - Internal
				 - Product

				 - Marketing GTM

				 - Engagement

				 - Monetization
					 - CAC

			 - External

		 - Cuts of data
			 - Geographic

			 - Segments
				 - Casual vs. heavy

				 - Lenght of stay: short term sv. long

				 - Business vs. lesirue

				 - Solo vs. families or groups 

				 - Demographic age:

	 - Whiteboard - 
		 - Context
			 - PM for YouTube

			 - Improve YouTube

		 - Users
			 - Creators

			 - Consumers
				 - Casual vs. heavy

				 - Information vs. entertainment

				 - Intentional user vs. passive users

				 - Intenional

		 - User needs
			 - Find relevant videos for their topic

			 - Find relevant portions of videos 

			 - Save the information they find

			 - Different points of view 

			 - Share the informaton - tweet / email / notes

			 - Find other relevant information

		 - Trends

		 - Product ideas
			 - Personalized recommendations

			 - AR / VR videos

	 - Questions for Aditya
		 - Liquid mode - discovery to delivery process

		 - Eng teams collaboration

	 - [[PM Interview Cheat Sheet]]

- Meeting with [[Anil Malkani]], [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Iceberg may be going away in favor of Delta Lake - 

- Shopping list
	 - 1 kg chicken thighs boneless skinless (a.k.a. chicken thigh fillets)

	 - 3 or 4 tbsp Sambal Oelek chili paste

	 - 2 tbsp ginger garlic paste

	 - 2 tbsp olive oil

	 - 2 tbsp balsamic vinegar

	 - 1 or 2 tbsp honey

	 - 1/2 big lime freshly squeezed

	 - 2 tbsp corriander seed powder

	 - 1 tsp garam masala

	 - 1 or 2 big bunches of cilantro (use more than you think you need)

	 - 1 or 2 cups cashew halves

	 - Salt to taste

	 - Jeera 

	 - Rice

- shopping
	 - chicken 

	 - cashew 

	 - honey 

	 - cilantro 

	 - sambal 

	 - diet Coke 

	 - shrimp 

	 - foil
