- Liquid Mode Feedback w [[Vaibhav Bhatnagar]]
	 - DONE Ask Madison for App Bot access and Clarabridge overview

	 - DONE Give Vaibhav instructions for turning LM auto-off

- [[[[Projects]]-LM-APIs]] customer interview with [[Lay]]
	 - General use case
		 - Customers submit information via MS forms, then Lay auto-generates a PDF proposal

		 - End user: small business

	 - LM intro
		 - Hassle to pinch and zoom

		 - End user: 
			 - Small business user. E.g. hair stylist

			 - Hair stylist wants to collect responses from their potential customers

			 - Email says: "thanks for applying" - here are the details

		 - Type of document
			 - Terms and Conditions - preformatted by client with logo; 7 pages

			 - Text formatted in word doc - RFP response; 2-3 pages

		 - Why PDF?
			 - It's a lot easier for the developer

		 - How do the end users view?
			 - Shared as email.

			 - It's a sharepoint link.

			 - Opened in email app

			 - Mostly iOS users

	 - Agenda
		 - Use cases - LM specific
			 - Intro: Pitch Liquid Mode (YouTube)

			 - Why is mobile-friendly layout important to you? What are the key benefits?

			 - What kind of documents would you like to be displayable in a mobile-optimized view?

			 - How do the end users of your workflow view documents on a mobile device?

			 - What type of devices / environments will be used for consumption? Which apps / OSs / browsers / etc?

		 - Other
			 - Frequency / prevalence of pain points

			 - What are the work-arounds for your pain points?

			 - Are you considering any alternatives to PDF? E.g. HTML?

			 - To what extent do you want the author vs. end-user to control the viewing experience?

- Liquid Mode on Playground Sync w [[Joao Vasconcelos Pinheiro]], [[Matthew Haltom]]
	 - 

- Weekly 1-1: Nikhil / Aditya w [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Relocation update

		 - Charles / Analytics - AOpen cohorts?

		 - Bea issues

	 - Travel to India
		 - 1 wk is fine, but 2 wks may be difficult... update in Aug

	 - Framing the ask for Data Science resource

	 - DONE Set date for AOpen beanbag

	 - DONE Talk on LM data intro / overview

- 1-1 [[Joao Vasconcelos Pinheiro]]
	 - Agenda

- NIE refs
	 - https://pdf-next.slack.com/archives/CUYT7PGBA/p1623697320092200

	 - https://pdf-next.slack.com/archives/C01BTB6BGLF/p1626719213326700

	 - Also, it looks like working from India is permitted for up to 15 days once every calendar year.
