- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - Moved today from Carpinteria to Ventura. This place is unfortunately not as nice as the Carpinteria place, but it'll do just fine for the three days we're here. I'm literally here only 3 days. 2 days doig Adobe work and one full day of Google interviews.

		 - That's the big thing I have coming up now is more interviews. I have a bunch of Adobe doc cloud interviews this week plus the full day of Google interviews. This should be good.

		 - Also had the FB interview yesterday, which went quite well. I really enjoyed those interviews. I would say I enjoyed them much more than the G interviews. I found the FB interviewers to be much more friendly and helpful compared to the G interviewers. G interviewres were very smart obviously, but often had a more aggressive stance as examiners rather than as collaborators. Anyway, both are great places I'm sure. But what's more important is that I shouldn't be getting too caught up in the interview process. I mean, I should be doing it, but without attaching myself too much to the result of it.

		 - Be confident. My product skills are great. My experiences are also quite great. Just about polishing a tiny bit on the experiences. Technically, I'm sound. I'm quite sure I'm far more technically adept than most PMs I've encountered. I'm currently doing a CS degree. What do I have to worry about in tech? Nothing. Just have the framework down. 

		 - So what am I doing today? Brushing up a tiny bit on interviews in the morning. Jumping into AEP work. Then going through my series of meetings and interviews. Will spend some little time on MCIT at the end.

		 - What am I feeling? Am I being open to my feelings and emotions?

		 - I do periodically feel a little bit of tightness in my jaw, but I keep releasing it when I notice it. What other than that? I do notice some slightly sinking feeling in my stomach. Is it apt to call it sinking? Not sure exactly what it's in relation to. The difficult part is to connect the feeling to the thought. Connecting the head with the body. 

		 - What else is going on for me? Feeling a little throbbing inside my head. Very light. What's that about? Maybe low sleep. Jaw keeps tensing. It's good that I'm noticing it more now! :) Natural tendency to tense up. That's why the wellbeing routine and breathing and meditaiton is good for me.

		 - Let's get one level between thoughts and body sensations. Emotions. How would I characterize my emotional state of mind right now?
			 - Bad > tired > unfocused? Not really

		 - 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- DONE Expedia response
	 - Slow data insertion
		 - We are conducting a root cause analysis of this issue and requesting time until next week for a more meaningful update.

	 - Ability to delete data with a where clause
		 - While this specific capability is not yet committed to our roadmap, we are investigating a couple of alternative recommendations to achieve a similar result.

	 - Query scheduling via UI
		 - This is already committed to our roadmap and will be delivered by end of Q2.

- Custom Dashboards PM Sync with [[Nichole G]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Nichole with send an email to take ownership of and transition from Rahul to Wei-Li

	 - Custom dashboards is easy, but data model is hard

	 - DONE Set up time with John and Nichole

	 - DONE Update wiki to link to E2E dashboards

- QS Demo Final Review with [[Kevin Foster]]

- [[DC AI PM Interview]] with [[LN]]
	 - LN Intro
		 - Lead all ML/AI projects across doc cloud

		 - Liquid mode

		 - Extract - doc API

		 - AI features for Sign

		 - ~120 engineers

		 - Randy's counterpart

		 - Lot of growth due to digital transformation

	 - Develop data prep

	 - Apply ML to data prep
		 - Recommend data cleansing

		 - Auto cleanse

		 - Find data standardizations

		 - Find common mappings

	 - Deep dive - Recommend columns to join
		 - Recommend columns to join

		 - Metric for success
			 - Adoption

			 - Engagement

			 - Monetization

		 - Engagement and adoption metrics

		 - Recommendation system

	 - Example of eng team not being able to deliver

	 - Questions for interviewer
		 - Collaboration with PM
			 - Alpha > Beta > GA

			 - This is a funnel; lots of projects drop off after Alpha

	 - Ref
		 - [[Behavioral Interview stories]]

- Custom Dashboards with Unified Consumer Behavior PPC with [[Jigar]], [[Babu Ramaraj]]
	 - Jigar cannot allocate a PgM right now; call that out as a risk

	 - Hal is driving program at "DMP on AEP level"... not on custom dashboards

	 - Criteria for PgM - cross-cutting initiative

	 - Need for PgM
		 - Cross-functional support on eng side

		 - Interaction with documentation team, supporting, alpha, beta, etc.

- [[DC AI PM Interview]] with [[Chris French]]
	 - What's my role and release cycle?

	 - Talk about a project I worked on where I did market research
		 - Data prep

	 - Time where my project got bogged down
		 - Data Prep UI vs. Back-end

	 - Convince upper management
		 - CA / PPC

	 - Questions for interviewer

	 - Portfolio
		 - Acrobat

		 - Sign

		 - DC Platform - developer APIs

	 - Chris's portfolio
		 - DC platform - developers extract content from PDFs

		 - Detailing the elements of a table

		 - Using back-end of Colorado

	 - DC Platform personas
		 - ISVs building a product

		 - Consultants

		 - Enterprise developers

		 - Open source libraries don't do this

- Review QS dataset with [[Rohan Kapoor]]

- DONE CJA and QS use cases

- DONE Expedia issues follow up

- Ad-hoc meeting with Meera
	 - DONE Slide on list of issues for leadership
		 - Three slides on customer issues
			 - SQL Explore 

			 - SQL Prep

			 - CDP / CJM dashboards

		 - Columns

		 - Customers

		 - PLATIRs

		 - Dependencies and timeline

- Customer issues summary [[QS-PLATIR]]
	 - SQL Explore
		 - Query UI - slow / Approximate queries

		 - Interactive queries - slow performance - 

		 - COGS problem - bad query - improve with approximates

	 - SQL Prep
		 - Orchestration

		 - Speed

		 - Insert Into is slow - for everyone; Siphon is a dependency is slow

	 - Anil issues
		 - Batch regression

		 - QE issues

	 - Meera
		 - "AEP Platform Stability"
