- 1-1 [[Juan Valle]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Introduce self / projects / collaboration

	 - About Juan
		 - Juan manages iOS Acrobat

		 - 3 managers for iOS Acrobat - Juan, Diana, 

		 - Under Juan they have soe developers for LM

	 - Team goals
		 - Wrapping up June release - including Auto-open + provisional 

		 - Then transitioning to Doc Gen

	 - DONE Metrics #[[LM-Metrics]]
		 - Measure how many people turn-off auto-open

		 - Measure how many times people need to go back to classic mode

	 - Perf
		 - Used to worry about performance, but not any more after on-device

		 - Memory usage, etc.

	 - Org structure [[DC Eng Org]]
		 - Matthew - client side LM high-level

		 - Shilpi - heads Android

		 - Pat - heads all iOS - Scan, Acrobat, Data Analysis (Heather)

		 - Pat's counterpart for Android is Sakshi Sachdev

- 1-1 [[Bea Alessio]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review dashboards / slides

	 - Analysis of recent features
		 - Look at the effect on MAU before and after the feature

		 - DONE Share wiki with Bea #[[LM-Metrics]]

	 - Randy funnel
		 - 

- 1-1 [[Jane Vu]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Introduce self / projects / collaboration

	 - Jane
		 - LM - Not in Q3 scope

- 1-1 [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - PPC overview

		 - Report on features impact

	 - PPC process / cross-functional buy-in

	 - Embed API 
		 - Core eng team part of Nirmal / Jane

		 - But Acrobat JS is the underlying component - Varinder

	 - DONE Pitch deck for data science resources #[[LM-Metrics]]

- GTD
	 - TODO Blind watchmaker #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

	 - TODO Selfish gene #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

	 - TODO PM Books: Lean Customer Development, Lean Analytics, Good Strategy/Bad Strategy, Cracking the PM Career, Continuous Product Discovery #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

- DONE YNAB follow-ups #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]
	 - Unlink RS amazon cc from non-amazon

	 - Investigate fresh plus

	 - RS unsub medium

	 - Recon uber 

	 - Cancel calendly

- [[Therapy]] with [[Tucker Peck]]
	 - Accept that I trust Tucker - don't question his treatment methods for a while; this comes up as clinically relevant behavior

	 - Time-out: 

	 - Conversation with dad: Dad also has the "everything is an exception" pattern. Like me.

	 - Could this be a part of normal cultural trauma? Can I try saying "I'm just not as Indian as you".

	 - Try to have a buzz-word like "time-out" / for him it could be "trust".

	 - Dictator / abuser voice: What if we got rid of this voice? I fear that I will lose my only sense of motivation. But this is false.

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Dad's interaction with the accountant: example of bulldozing his way of doing things over me.

	 - Question for dad: what kind of relationship does he want to have with me?

	 - Dad doesn't respond emotionally; What I am seeking is also emotional closeness. Be emotionally vulnerable and explain how I am feeling.
