- Re: Social Insights on Doc Cloud's Liquid Mode Feature, [[David Lauder-Walker]], [[Tariq Ahmad Dar]]
	 - Agenda
		 - What data and insights do you collect?

		 - What reports do you produce?

		 - How can I get access to your data and your reports, etc.?

	 - Tariq involved with LM from the beginning as well as Ashim
		 - Started as a Desktop feature, then moved to Mobile

		 - Works with [[Kevin Shankar]] on PMM, and [[Aditya Baul]] on PM

		 - No public documentation when it released, so people were not aware of this feature.

		 - People wanted to interact with the files in LM - edit, comment, etc.

		 - User feedback collected to an email address.

	 - Data sources
		 - Social
			 - Engagor app - tracks key words on social media - FB and Twitter

		 - Community
			 - Manual tracking

		 - Helpx

		 - Chat

	 - Data platform - Experience Insights Dashboard
		 - Support 

	 - Reports
		 - Report - liquid mode sentiment word doc

	 - Misc
		 - DONE Get access to documents, social app, and data platform

		 - DONE Get added to monthly social feedback meeting with [[Rishabh Singla]] 

- Learning [[Adobe Analytics]]
	 - 

- Info session: PM role AEP, [[Sri Deepthi Melarkode Subramanyam]]
	 - Seems extremely smart.

	 - Asking all the right questions; has the right appraoch

- 1-1 [[Joao Vasconcelos Pinheiro]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review Aditya's slide

		 - Start project plan

	 - DocGen API
		 - PDFMaker is a tool that converts Word Docs to PDF files. Already exists, but is not outputting LM-enabled PDFs.

		 - PDFMaker is not yet able to make make LM-enabled PDFs.

		 - Limited release is planned for Q2.

	 - Stakeholders
		 - PMM: Joe Karp / Elishia Dvorak

		 - Eng: Nikhil Kumar - DC Platform

	 - Project plan
		 - Joao is working with Alicia on the limited release project plan

- 1-1 [[Ramya Gogineni]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review my goals and ask for PMMs for each area

		 - Understand org structure of PMM

	 - Todd's org - [[DC PMM]]
		 - DONE Talk to Dawn Murai who heads Acrobat Web

		 - Desktop - Stephanie and Alex

- 1-1 [[Nargol]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review metrics goal and ask for feedback

		 - Ask about her team and involvement

	 - Intro
		 - Started as a data scientist

		 - Switched tracks to management in the same team

	 - Metrics / KPI tiger team
		 - Understand relationships between MAU and other metrics

		 - Working with data from Adobe Analytics and analyzing offline - about a year ago

		 - Then pivoted to working on Colorado River / Core AI

		 - DONE Get materials on KPI tiger from Nargol

	 - My metrics project
		 - Nargol thinks it is not possible to realistically model metrics vs. outcome; this is explainable AI which is a difficult area of AI

		 - Alternate approach: add analytics data in addition to document properties (postage stamps). This can answer questions like "when to suggest auto-open to which users?"

	 - [[DC Eng Org]]
		 - [[David Parmenter]] - Core AI; ML scientists and engineers; sometimes in collaboration with DIL - Document Intelligence Team

		 - Within David's team, focus areas: 
			 - DTM - Deep Table Models
				 - Tech transfer from Adobe Research Team to David's team

			 - Sign AI

			 - Colorado River
				 - Real time machine learning.

				 - Content analytics

				 - Training on customer data.

- 1-1 [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review goals

		 - Analytics - need more handholding - need a couple of hours

		 - Struggling to meet India teams

	 - PMM support
		 - Lacking dedicated PMM for AI - Randy is asking for it, but not yet happening

	 - DONE Eng meetings - schedule / prioritize - + design cindy and natalie

	 - DONE Feedback on goals #[[LM-misc]] [[June 3rd, 2021]]
		 - LM for Acrobat Mobile
			 - Update slides / reports on metrics at regular cadence.

			 - KT from Steven on Hadoop queries

		 - LM for APIs
			 - Add strategy and user research; product, customer, and techincal - build points of view

			 - What types of files are getting opened on different surfaces

- 1-1 [[Chris French]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Share goals

		 - Learn about APIs

	 - DC APIs
		 - Working on launching Extract API

		 - AI team has more ownership over this

	 - PMM
		 - Joe Karp / Elishia 

	 - Eng
		 - Nikhil / Rajeev - operations team, deploying APIs

	 - GTM
		 - Srijan is working on GTM for APIs

	 - User research
		 - Working with Rebecca Wang on user research for developers 

- 1-1 [[Steven Bruce]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Share goals

		 - Learn about data sources

		 - Access to Hadoop data

	 - LM for other platforms
		 - Acrobat.js - render and view PDF in a web browser; this is the basis for Embed API

	 - Doc Gen
		 - Using Word PDFMaker - may or may not involve Colorado to make sure tagging structure matches up

	 - Embed API
		 - Need to collaborate with Steven on how to  get Colorado to run on the back-end

	 - Adobe Analytics
		 - Best learning tool - ask questions and answer

		 - All data is mobile event data

		 - DONE Steven can share some links explaining AA - ask for reports he created from AA

		 - DONE AEP for Adobe Corp #[[LM-Metrics]]

	 - 
