- Jeremy Moot list
	 - Communication, 3

	 - Conflict, 3

	 - Family, 2

	 - Trauma (past and/or potential), 2

	 - Sex/Intimacy, 2

	 - Values, 1

	 - Bonding & Individuality, 1

	 - Finances, 1

	 - Fun & Adventure, 1

- CA Pre-read with [[Klaasjan Tukker]], [[Doug Smith]]
	 - Exec summary
		 - Be able deliver presentation in 20 mins - slide at the end called considerations

		 - Next steps - too many work

		 - Goal - don't focus on implementation; UIS 

	 - AEP vision slide
		 - Bottom line - use "so I can" sentence

		 - Instead of "stitched experience events" - say "omnichannel behavioral events"

		 - Replace with business value - customer use cases and customer logos

	 - AEP History slide
		 - Attributes - how is it being used?

		 - KT slide - 4 aspects of profile; we want a merged set of behavioral data; 4 aspects are attributes, identities, segments, behavior; attributes and segment membership are already available; behavioral data

		 - "Experience data prep" is not an approved term; don't say "we couldn't do UI prep"

	 - General
		 - Why will customers bring these workloads onto platform? 2 reasons: because of stitching and enrichment of data. Analytics post processing going away. We are addressing now.

		 - Make 1 slide for insights use case

- CA Pre-read with [[Sandeep Nawathe]]
	 - DONE Gaps slide - add words and roadmap 
		 - DONE Add more cutomers

	 - Stitched experience events definiiton - each graph has multiple possible options. Won't be in sync with profile.

	 - Analytics expects each graph to have an ID that remains durable and consistent over time. Analytics used this graph ID to generate Attribution report.

	 - Analytics design: hit, visit, visitor - all have a common durable ID. This is not possible in UPS / UIS.

- DONE Slide updates by Meera #[[QS-UPS]]
	 - Replace "Experience Events" with "Behavioral events"

	 - Architecture / use cases slide - customers need multiple graphs
		 - Single graph can have different exports

		 - Box with UIS export - 1 ID graph

		 - Box with Data Lake (1 stitched behavioral event)

		 - Line showing 1 box of UIS export, with two or three different options

		 - Down below - restating the ID graph

	 - Gaps slide - add words and roadmap 

	 - Add more cutomers

- [[San Diego Breweries]]
	 - North Park Beer: https://www.northparkbeerco.com/beer-to-go

	 - Societe: https://societebrewing.com/tasting-room/

	 - Pure Project: https://www.purebrewing.org/locations/

	 - 

- CA Pre-read with [[Shiv Vaithyan]]
	 - DONE Approvers - include Shiv

	 - Drivers and use cases
		 - Well motivated

		 - Suggestion: reduce talk track; give pauses

		 - DONE The type of identity stitching varies across the three - not a one size fits all

		 - DONE Processing - unify all boxes as "custom processing"

		 - DONE Gives us an opportunity to optimize the heck out of the two or three boxes in the middle - COGS efficiency, bringing down latency

- Meeting with [[Justin Grover]], [[Jon Viray]], [[Mitch Rice]]
	 - Demo of LSS and AEP Web SDK

	 - Limitations: 
		 - Only hit level data; no batching; cannot process to visit and visitor level data

		 - More expensive than Data Feeds

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - DONE Separate meetings with KT, Doug for next week

	 - DONE Can LSS process schema?

	 - DONE Create PERM process for Saurabh 

- CA Pre-read with [[Suman Basetty]], [[Brian Pong]], [[Mohit Garg]]
	 - DONE Mohit has concerns around enterprise sync - connect with him #[[QS-UPS]]

	 - DONE Ben's concern - how is the customer experience seamless as they transition from CJA to UPS inconsistencies (e.g. Hilton)

	 - Configurable parameters: lookback window

	 - Need to inform: consistency, cost, SKU aware

	 - DONE Requirements for consistency - talk to Ashwin
		 - The components being joined together - 

		 - Consistency across SKUs

		 - Add CJA to slides

- Call with [[Sharmila]] on [[Marriage green card application]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Marriage green card timeline

		 - H1

		 - Adobe GC

	 - Marriage green card timeline
		 - Receipt notice - 3 - 6 weeks; Then we can check processing times for each
			 - I-130

			 - EAD

			 - Advance Parole

		 - Biometrics notification

		 - Approval notice for EAD / Advance Parole / I-130

		 - Interview (before 485)

	 - 
