- [[Mindbloom - Ketamine]] Session 1
	 - Intentions
		 - De-identify from my thoughts and feelings of anxiety

		 - Connect with the more spontaneous and playful side of myself

	 - Call w guide - [[Estephenia Solis]]

	 - Post-session journal
		 - Wow, that's one of the most intense and interesting experiences I've had in a long time. I really like that it started with the Sam Harris quote about how we typically care about the wrong things in life, or at least, that's what we come to realize towards the end of our lives. Because during my journey, I felt like I was able to rise above caring about the wrong things. What are the wrong things to care about? The mundane and minutae of daily life - the tasks, the chores, the work, the job, the stress, the anxiety, and so on. During my journey, it felt like (and it still continues to feel to some extent) like those are distant concerns. Istead, what am I concerned with? Things of larger significance in life.

		 - What do do differently next time? Can I have better posture? Think. Change music maybe? But this music was SOOOO good. It was as if it was tailor made for this experience I was having. It took me into a cinematic world. I was literally inside a larger than life movie. The movie. It took me underwater, over-sea, into the mountains, flying with dragons, swimming with the fishes, seeing in a thousand different colors that were so bright!

		 - And sometimes, my anxious voice would pop it's head up, and it just got drowned out because it was so insignificant in the larger scheme of things. As if it was just one small tiny noise or tiny person raising his hand, like a little ant in the large world. 

		 - Reminds me a little of the feeling I always recollect of the new year's party where I was tripping on E - the feeling where I just want to hug everyone all the time

		 - Another feeling it reminds me of is the hungover sense of clarity I get, when I think I see the purpose of life, to make relationships, friendships, human connections, and love. I remember feeling it particularly strongly when I was hungover in my Korea MBA trip with Carlos and (I'm forgetting the girl's name).

		 - I feel as if I am one with a larger sense of consciousness. I'm not just a tiny little person inside the head and body of Nikhil. I mean, I am now, but I feel like I've touched something larger. Like there's an entire ocean out there that I've swum in, and now I'm back in this little place. Potentially scary thought: will I find this life to be inadequate now that I've experienced something more? How do I reconcile this feeling of a large ocean with the day to day experience of my life inside this head and body and mind? That's a good question. Hopefully my guide will help me think through this.

		 - Love. That's an important thing. My love for Rukma. I love her so much. In my journey, I saw us dancing - as ourselves, as cartoon characters, as other people. She is so much more than who she is. Just like I am so much more than my mind and body. This is just one incarnation of the both of us. I want to love all things and all people. But I want to love Rukma more than any of those things and people. 

		 - A sense of calmness co-exists with the sense of wonder and awe. There is an ocean out there. There are oceans of consciousness. Am I just repeating things that I've heard and read elsewhere? In the context of such experiences? It's likely, but it's also true that this is how I"m feeling now.

		 - What about the anxious and frustrated Nikhil? I hope he has also realized that there is so much more to life, and that there is so much beauty in it. Even without his anxiety and frustration, the world is good. 

		 - What else am I thinking? I should love all things and all people. Like Merkel understood, and then taught Zossima. I want to read that chapter again. About the ocean of consciousness and love. That's the closest thing I have to a religious book. Maybe I should find more such works.

		 - Love and religion. And spirituality. The life of the spirit. I feel like that's something I experienced deeply.

		 - What about the music? To what extent was my experience shaped by the music I listened to vs. just my mind? The music definitely played a large role. A very large role. It was as if it were tailor-made for this purpose. 

		 - What else do I remember? In the beginning it was very strong. For the first fifteen to thirty minutes. That was SO strong. I felt as if I was going into other worlds. Even my body felt as if it were transported. When I was going underwater, I could feel my body senseations as if submerging into water. Strong dreams.

		 - This whole Mindbloom experience is so well designed. Everything about it is perfect, and so well thought out. They've literally thought of everything. From the dosage to the timing, to the music, to atmospheric setting. Every piece of this experience has been so well thought through. It's a wonderful thing. Or do I just thing everything is wonderful right now? Even so, I think this particular thing is particularly wonderful.

		 - I felt like I didn't have a body during the experience. I was somewhere else. Someone larger than myself. There is an ocean of consciousness. What else do I think? What are the most significant things in my life? Love. Rukma. She bring so much joy and beauty to my life. She is the meaning of my life. My love for Rukma is what makes me who I am. Nothing else is so significant. As long as I have her, everything else will be fine. Whether I respond to messages, whether our wedding goes well, whether I get promoted or get a new job - none of that is so important. It pales in comparison. I've found the thing that's significant in my life. 

		 - What about my intentions? Did I connect with the more playful part of myself? Well, I'm not sure, but I certainly did de-identify from the anxious part of myself. 

	 - Post-session call w guide
		 - Questions
			 - How to reconcile the experience w day to day

			 - How to bring this sense of bliss and peace into my everyday life 

		 - Next steps
			 - Gratitude / metta practice -  incorporate

			 - Recall this experience in moments of anxiety, recall the visualizations - underwater and flying in the mountains with dragons
