- GTD
	 - DONE Eye drops #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Yoga mats #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - TODO Container store $100 #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]] #Someday
		 - Card Number: 6006491645013940522

		 - PIN: 2967

	 - DONE HDFC bank docs
		 - https://documentcloud.adobe.com/link/track?uri=urn:aaid:scds:US:21a8e94d-80eb-40ae-85ec-3d4cd2a4264e

		 - https://documentcloud.adobe.com/link/track?uri=urn:aaid:scds:US:44a8fb04-653a-4520-bc05-e947ccf55cdb

	 - DONE Google home extension cord #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Brush for shoe cleaning #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Tooth brushes with covers

	 - DONE Lube

	 - DONE List board games and video games with Rukma #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]] 
		 - Secret oops - AR local multiplayer multi-device
			 - Need multiple GC accounts: https://appletoolbox.com/how-to-setup-multiple-player-accounts-in-game-center-ios-iphone-ipad/

		 - Cat lady card game

		 - Ticket to Ride

		 - Bowmasters 

		 - https://www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/comments/81e010/ipad_ios_best_local_multiplayer_games_on_the_ipad/

	 - DONE Donate to Wikipedia #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]] 

	 - DONE Add Nikhil's libraries to Libby / Overdrive #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Tie google asst to google keep Rukma

	 - DONE Watch a suitable boy #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Folktales from India by ramanujan #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Cradle tales of hinduism by nivedita. #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Jeremy list #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]
		 - Different styles of discussing questions

		 - Nikhils fussy/control

		 - Discuss what is the meaning of racism

		 - Me feeling like a baby/utterly incapable

	 - DONE Playing cards

	 - DONE [[Hyundai Tucson]] home maintenance check #car #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W24
		 - Check the engine oil level. 

		 - Check the coolant level in the engine coolant reservoir.

		 - Check the Brake Fluid Level

		 - Check the windshield washer fluid level. 

		 - Check for low or underinflated tires.

		 - Check the operation of all exterior lights, including the brake lights, turn signals and hazard warning flashers.

		 - Check for loose wheel lug nuts.

		 - Check service appointment schedule

		 - Seciton 7: https://owners.hyundaiusa.com/content/dam/hyundai/us/myhyundai/glovebox-manual/2020/tucson/2020-Tucson-Owners-Manual.pdf

	 - DONE [[Hyundai Tucson]] servicing #car #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] at 30k miles

	 - DONE [[Hyundai Tucson]] payments

	 - TODO Mac google photos backing up only high quality for go pro #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-IT]]

	 - DONE Jeremy moot forms #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]] #2021-W1

	 - DONE Gods demons and others #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

- DONE Update Adobe address

- AEP Intelligence Demo with [[Anshuman Nangia]]
	 - Mt St Helens - exploded volcano in WA. Must visit!

	 - AEP Intelligence combined demo is not a high priority item

	 - Can do a smaller version of the demo using Althaf team's EDA notebook

	 - EDA notebook - plug into the Luma org and see how it works

- Meeting with [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Data feeds replacement - server side forwarding?

	 - Data feeds replacement
		 - Marijka is the PM on Analytics side.

		 - Why can't Data Access SDK / API be used? As discussed with Nick Hecht / Best Buy - there are limitations. No metadata and not user friendly.

		 - Server side forwarding limitations
			 - SSF is streaming whereas DF is batch.

			 - Mid values vs post values - sessionization, attribution and allocation; Data feeds contain pre and post values, whereas AEP contains mid, which is totally different.

		 - Customers
			 - Best Buy - Nick Hecht, Jacob Winter

			 - Home Depot - 

	 - Why don't [[post-values]] come into AEP?
		 - Post-values are not valid under two conditions
			 - Combining one report suite with any other data set invalidates postvalues

			 - Inserting data retroactively invalidates postvalues

		 - COGS is very high to generate post-values. Requires full scans of the dataset. Too expensive.

	 - 

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Position the stitching PPC as a dashboards requirement

	 - DONE Schedule CA meeting for early Feb - ask Peggy / Jigar #[[QS-UPS]] #2021-W1
