- DONE Reschedule Alex Hui

- TODO Article to podcast solution #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-IT]]

- DONE iPad to Chrome whiteboarding #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-IT]]

- Meeting with [[Vahid]] on notifications
	 - Agenda
		 - Batch queries success / failure 

		 - Dashboard KPIs

	 - Types of notifications
		 - UI notification

		 - Webook notification (pass error to back-end system)

		 - Email notification (coming in Q2)

	 - DONE Batch query notifications onboarding form
		 - Who needs to see the notification?

	 - DONE ADD Vahid to agenda for team mtg

- DONE Respond to Google Recruiter [[Google PM Interview]] due [[January 15th, 2021]]
	 - Happy New Year to you too, Keri! Yes, I am still __extremely interested__ in interviewing for PM roles at Google, but I just need a little more time! Is it alright if I get back to you by the end of this month with my updated resume as well as some scheduling options for mid-February?

- Priya
	 - 1. Did u have a minor at undergrad or a few courses in CS before joining MCIT?
		 - I took CS50: https://online-learning.harvard.edu/course/cs50-introduction-computer-science?delta=0

	 - 2. Did you take any preparatory courses before MCIT?
		 - CS50. Highly recommended.

	 - 3. Do you think that the MCIT coursework is equivalent to a BS in CS?
		 - Yes.

	 - 4. Is the learning curve very steep?
		 - It's gradual, not very steep.

	 - 5. How did you demonstrate your inclination towards CS in your SOP?was it work related experience or otherwise?
		 - Demonstrate coding experience and demonstrate general quantitative / data analysis abilities. Demonstrated through recommendations, essays, coursework, test scores, etc.

	 - 6. How do MCIT students fare at placements vis a vis students with a CS undergraduate?
		 - Similar, but you need to find opportunities on your own.
