- All hands w [[LN]] and team
	 - LM accomplishments
		 - First two accomplishments are about moving the needle on LM for Acrobat Mobile, the third one is about bringing LM

		 - AOpen provisional
			 - Shipped on iOS

			 - Expanded Android

			 - 50M files by Dec

		 - CoD
			 - Improve performance <2s at p75

			 - Plan for 20% by end of Dec

			 - Decrease costs

			 - 

- Call w Carmen Lopez on [[USA-Immigration]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Name change - how do we know

		 - AP travel spouse exemption

		 - Prep for GC interview

	 - Travel plans
		 - No impact, due to spousal

		 - Things to carry
			 - i-485 receipt notice

			 - Marriage certificate

			 - EAD

	 - Name change
		 - Need to call and talk to a second level officer to get this info

		 - Form i-90 to get it corrected

	 - Green card interview
		 - DONE Have a prep call for GC interview

		 - DONE Carmen to send emal w list of docs needed and application form i-485 - also mention whether interview prep is included in retainer

		 - Outcomes
			 - They'll say approved on the spot

			 - They'll say needs further review (not necessarily means rejected)

	 - Change of address
		 - Need to change address for all of the following: i-130, 1-130a, 1-485

		 - 

- Interview w [[Opendoor]] w [[Sam Stone]]
	 - DS questions
		 - Explain an ML technique - I did MNIST FF-NN

		 - What is overfitting vs. underfitting

		 - Supervised vs. unsupervised

		 - How to divide training vs. test set

	 - Product question
		 - User behavior has surprised me - queries not well formed

	 - Next steps
		 - Virtual on-site

	 - My questions
		 - Fav / least fav thing
			 - Fav: product that resonates w family and friends

- [[USA-Immigration]] medical exam calls
	 - Qs
		 - Dates: appointment + final results

		 - Cost

	 - 1. Thang Nguyen MD
		 - Physical exam, $199 out of pocket

		 - Vaccination

		 - Lab test - 7-14 days

	 - 2. Arthur Polussa MD
		 - $300 cash only; guaranteed in one week

	 - 3. Foster City Medical Center
		 - Exam: $260 + labs / vaccines

		 - Don't take any insurance

		 - Don't know how much lab work is needed

		 - Lab results take time and vaccine

	 - 5. Dr. Edward Ko
		 - 1750 El Camino Real Suite 301

		 - $250 exam fee Cash only

		 - Aetna for blood, lab, vaccine

		 - 5:30pm

		 - Need to find my own lab

		 - Lab - quest diagnostics 

		 - LabCorb / OneMedical

		 - Bring photo ID / DL / passport / vaccine records

		 - CONFIRMED!

		 - Email: medfaxonly@gmail.com

		 - Elaine

- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - What do I want to journal about? Today I had these medical exam calls, that was a frustrating experience. I wish I had been better prepared for it, either gotten the medical exam earlier, or what not... They should have prepared me better for it too, the lawyers. Anyway, that's a whole other story now! But I think I reached a decent place with it. Have an appointment today and then the lab stuff, should all be good by the end of the week. If not, I can always find another place soon. This is a decent plan. There is nothing wrong with it, and nothing I need to do until I do the lab stuff.

		 - What else? I had the interview w opendoor this morning. The manager seems to like me, and I was able to demonstrate a decent amount of knowledge about DS and about product management. I'm a little unclear on the people development and wlb aspect of things. Need to investigate that a little more. Do I even want to move right now? I'm doing reasonably OK. Maybe next year after getting promoted, etc. is the right time for me to make the move. I do like the fully remote aspect of Opendoor, but maybe it's too soon? Should I be leaving this role already? I'm just getting to the development stage where I'm going to be shipping a new product. If I leave too soon, this experience might be undeveloped. What stories can I tell in future interviews about my doc cloud experience? I'm ramping auto-open, and running some experiments with it. That's one story. But what about new feature discovery and delivery? Maybe that's covered with data prep. Product metrics is some experience I'm gaining in my current role. That's useful. New product discovery to delivery, will take some time if I'm to wait it out. So I'm as yet unclear on whether I should be trying to move somewhere else, or stay here. If I do move somewhere else, I'm not sure how suitable Opendoor is. Perhaps it's the right place, but also perhaps not? What about my upcoming vacation and stuff? I was also really put off by the question Sam had about whether I'm doing MCIT on my own time or if it eats into work. I think I do need to communicate that I have wlb needs if this is moving forward, and how do I screen for that? Important to keep in mind.

		 - What else is on my mind? I've been neglecting MCIT a bit. Mostly because I'm dreading the DFS implementation. But why fear it so much? I'm probably fearing it a bit too much, and it's going to impact my grade now. Already one hw I'm being late on. That's not super good. It's OK though... I'm not targeting like a very high grade, I just want to pass the course, and I think I should be able to accomplish that with where I am now.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What am I grateful for today?]]
		 - Grateful for the job that I have, kept remote through Covid!

		 - Grateful for my loving parents and grandparents, and family!

		 - Grateful for all the resources I have access to.

	 - [[How does peace show up in my life?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- [[Adobe Mentorship]] w [[Bradshaw Rovens]], [[Beth Connolly]], [[Karim Isa]]
	 - Next steps
		 - DONE Create deck for info session #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2021-W39

- LM PMM sync

- Bi-weekly team sync w [[Randy Swineford]], [[Aditya Baul]], [[Bea Alessio]]
	 - Deepak update
		 - What is LM?
			 - Why we created LM? Consumer voice, market trends

		 - Abhay funnels

	 - DONE Auto-open thumbs-up analysis
		 - Steven to check w Darryl

		 - Client teams - did Android or iOS change the logic of how prompts (either AOpen prompt or thumbs-up prompt) are shown? Are they nonrandom? Bea to check on this.

	 - DONE AOpen iOS paid sub rate high
		 - Ask Cecilia if aopen-in excludes signed out people

		 - Control doesn't have old paid users, but in does; in and control should have no paid users before we started the test

		 - Do absolute numbers and measure by month - see two or three months ago to see if they were paid or not

		 - In what instances are prior failures being logged

		 - AOPen invocation success and fail - Randy dashboard - auto open invocation success very low - also events 

		 - See v136 all variables across R36 - see if there's a key for commenting; All those keys are missing

- 1-1 w [[Bea Alessio]], [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - 
