- DONE Team meeting intro for Randy [[May 24th, 2021]]
	 - Most interesting/unusual job or work responsibility?
		 - Event planner / event manager

	 - What is your favorite scent?
		 - Belgian beer

	 - If you had to eat one meal everyday for the rest of your life what would it be?
		 - Lamb biryani

	 - Favorite placed visited?
		 - Amsterdam

- Meeting with [[Athar Basha]] on Adobe Corp Analytics access
	 - Athar is part of A.com enablement 

	 - He doesn't know why this issue is happening

	 - He will forward the request to Client Care

- GTD
	 - DONE Wed cooler appointment

	 - DONE Tucker memorial day rescheduling

	 - DONE Rohan Udit airport to cal 

	 - DONE Listen box multiple accounts fix  #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - DONE Tea coffee shopping list 

	 - DONE Books #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]
		 - Nine nasty words

		 - A deadly education

		 - Money for nothing

		 - Majesty's dragon

	 - DONE Date idea: motorcycle and leather jacket #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Get cash and add to YNAB #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - DONE Mindful arguments podcasts #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]
		 - Sam Harris dan carlin

		 - Julia galef color blindness

		 - Bret Weinstein jre or Robert wright

		 - Google paper Jordan Peterson

	 - DONE [[Tucker Peck]] agenda - Chinese food maalk. Optimizing different factors and trade offs makes me sad. #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - DONE Warby Parker Landon Frame Tortoise #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

- DONE Intro statement for Aditya
	 - I joined Adobe in 2019 as a Product Manager for Adobe Experience Platform, where I've spent the past two years building several API and UI features to help data scientists with data preparation. Prior to Adobe, I spent three years as a management consultant with Deloitte, where I helped companies think about [how to strategically leverage machine learning and artificial intelligence](https://www2.deloitte.com/insights/us/en/deloitte-review/issue-19/art-of-forecasting-human-in-the-loop-machine-learning.html). I hold and MBA from Yale University, and I'm currently [leveraging Adobe's Learning Fund to pursue a part time master's degree in computer science from the University of Pennsylvania](https://blog.adobe.com/en/publish/2020/06/09/nikhil-maddirala.html). Outside of work and education, I enjoy running, meditating, listening to podcasts, and reading science fiction and fantasy. A fun fact about me is that Shantanu Narayen and I attended the same elementary school (but decades apart)!

- DONE [[Aditya Baul]] onboarding
	 - DONE Draft a short introduction paragraph for yourself so I can send a welcome email.
		 - What were you doing before joining the team?

		 - Where are you in school now, what are you studying, and what are you focusing on?

		 - What do you do for fun?

		 - What are you excited about in this role?

	 - DONE Slack and DLs (I already added you to both)
		 - DCAI slack channel

		 - Grp-DCAI email list

		 - Other slack channels, as you get ramped up

	 - DONE Schedule 1:1 with key team members #[[LM-misc]] #2021-W22
		 - Weekly recurring 1:1 with me

		 - Additional weekly 1:1s for the first 4-6 weeks

		 - Continue to meet with Bea to understand Liquid Mode (LM) and related analysis and reporting

		 - Meet with Randy to continue with the overview I gave you of the larger DC AI & Innovation picture. Discuss how often you’d like to meet after that

		 - Introduce yourself to Diego

		 - Meet with the following eng./ML leads and their key team members:
			 - LN Renganarayana: big picture of the ML and eng. teams we work with and how they fit together for Liquid Mode

			 - Matthew Hardy: overall engineering lead for Liquid Mode franchise: for understanding the core pipelines (server and on-device) for LM using Colorado and for the non-Colorado/ML paths. You may want to ask Matthew about meeting with two of his principal architects below.
				 - + Darrell Dykstra: principal architect for different projects in the downstream (non-ML) components for LM

				 - + Dejan Markovic: similar to Darrell

			 - Ankit Bal (Noida based): lead for the teams working on ML and heuristics in Project Colorado that improve the quality of tagging for generating LM

			 - Pallav Vyas: Lead for driving all performance initiatives for LM in the mobile app and for Qualifier for LM (heuristics that determine which files are well suited for LM)
				 - + Laurie Byrum: principal architect for bringing Colorado on-device on iOS and Android

			 - Nikhil Kumar: his teams work on maintenance and deployment of LM as a service, among other ML ops projects

			 - Shilpi Agarwal: owns Android client side components of LM

			 - Juan Valle: owns iOS client side components of LM

		 - Schedule informational 1:1s with others on our team:
			 - Start with Steven who product manages core Colorado projects for understanding structure in PDFs, scans and tables. He also helps with analyses in AA and conducts queries in Hadoop for things that are difficult to do in AA. These would be good for you to learn and pick up over time.

			 - Chris French and Carl Dockhorn

	 - DONE Join the following meetings:
		 - Colorado Weekly Program Meeting (once a week, optional): this is an overarching meeting led by eng. to share progress/issues/blockers on **__all__** AI/innovation projects within our portfolio. We can talk more about when would be a good time to add you to this starting

		 - DCAI Team Meeting (once a week): you should already be on this

		 - DCAI meeting with Diego (once every other week): invites come from Diego, based on his availability

		 - DC PM All Hands (once a month): invites come from Diego

	 - Read, ask questions and absorb
		 - Our DCAI wiki space: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/dcinnova/Document+Cloud+AI+and+Innovation+Home

		 - All the other documents Bea and I shared with you

- 1-1 with [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Analytics issues

		 - Go through mail - list of 

		 - Intro email

	 - Aditya will give me intros for PMMs as well.
