- Freewrite on [[Skill-level - Online testing platform pitch]]
	 - Higher education is unbundling several things: research, teaching, and certification.

	 - Certification can be solved through an online test-taking platform.

	 - Currently there is online proctoring, which is combined with test taking. This is a broken experience. I open several browser tabs, I have to see whether it's allowed or not.

	 - What does a company want to know when hiring a software engineer?

- Meeting with [[Expedia]] on Query Service with [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Vinod]], [[Bhargava]]
	 - Main issues
		 - Performance and slowness

	 - Expedia use cases
		 - select * where timestamp is < 1 day

		 - I've never encountered a slower data product for inserting rows and for select *

	 - DONE Best practices document for Expedia #[[QS-misc]] 
		 - metadata validation query

		 - temp table writes

- DONE COGS and packaging update for Aishwarya #[[QS-misc]] #2021-W16 [[April 20th, 2021]]

- AEP Custom Dashboards meeting with [[Anil Malkani]], [[PK]], [[John Anderson]], [[Nate Ross]]
	 - Models
		 - Query models - need to define standard model and custom model

		 - Standard model is defined OOTB - CDP / CJM dashboards

		 - SQL Prep is called for building custom model

		 - Dashboards should be agnostic to standard model vs. custom model 

	 - Custom dashboards will start to work on query models; as a next step it can work with Composition Views

- CJA meeting with [[Trevor Paulsen]], [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Akin Ajayi]]
	 - Expedia data prep
		 - AA has a feature called "transaction ID data sources"

		 - Purchase records have a "transaction ID" - event dataset with products, etc.

		 - Then customer makes a return - it has transaction ID, but doesn't have other columns; we need to add the fields based on previous transaction ID

		 - Expedia wants this in CJA

	 - Joint webcast on CJA + Query Data Prep
		 - What's the value of SQL Prep on top of CJA?

	 - DSW

	 - Consultants to help validate
		 - John livingston - custom data processing

- Custom dashboards meeting with [[Chris Luby]], [[John Anderson]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Luby wanted to add composition views to Query Service - this tracks relationships between datasets

	 - Composition views vs. query models 
		 - Two different implementations of the same concept

		 - Anil's concept does not have "Person ID"; that's the only piece

	 - DONE Create meeting / preso on composition views vs. query models with Dave

	 - 

- [[QS-UPS]] meeting with [[Rahul Mittra]], [[John Anderson]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
