- #[[QS-UPS]] Feedback with [[Ashwin Chandra]]
	 - UPS vs. Data Lake
		 - UPS is cheaper in some ways because of re-keying and GDPR compliance

		 - Trade-offs slide in Shiv's deck

	 - CJA FBS approach vs. UIS approach
		 - CJA has a single primary ID that can link all events together

		 - UIS doesn't have this concept. UIS has ID clusters.

		 - Talk to Rahul Biswas, Raghav Panday

	 - Profile sources of truth
		 - Attributes, Segments: UPS

		 - Identities: UIS

		 - Behavior: Data Lake

	 - Relating ID map to Primary ID

	 - Consistency issues
		 - UPS export guarantees consistency between all 4 aspects of Profile

		 - Data Lake approach issues: 
			 - Time delay issues: UIS export at 9am, then behavior events come later, then we join at 1pm.

			 - Talk to Brian Pong about this

	 - 

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Agenda
		 - COGS

		 - SLTs

		 - CA

		 - Immigration

	 - DONE Feedback on #[[QS-UPS]]
		 - Get info on the different ID algorithms - tradeoffs, parameters, when to choose what; how will customers know?

		 - Does the key matter for stitching?

	 - DONE Meeting with John Anderson and Meera

- 1-1 with [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - DONE Call with Mohit, Ashwin, Meera

- [[QS-UPS]] meeting with [[Anil Malkani]], [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - DONE Set up time with Rahul's team (with Brian) to understand ID output

	 - DONE Create diagram showing stitching plus joining of datasets and add as Dashboards use case
		 - E.g. show all people who have visited website in the last 30 days and purchased this product?

	 - DONE Meeting with Serge, John Anderson, Anil on Dashboards use case

- Projects
	 - Interview prep

	 - AEP - QS

	 - MCIT

	 - Relationships list
