- Team meeting with [[Meera Srinivasan]]

- Preso Prompt for Interview [[DC AI PM Interview]] with [[Randy Swineford]]
	 - Agenda
		 - What are the success criteria?

		 - How much time should I spend on it? 

		 - How many slides?

		 - Am I being judged on the quality of the idea? Or the process?

	 - Description
		 - Pitch an idea like Shark Tank

		 - Pitching to a VC / executive; it's a business idea - not a feature idea; like a billion dollar opportunity; e.g. Uber for Cats

		 - Can't be related to Adobe; can't be related to current or past jobs

		 - Has to be a pitch for a product; new product idea

		 - E.g. I'm pitching to Shantanu and I'm getting $500M

		 - Not judging the quality of the idea - more about how I think through it

		 - Judging presentation skills and communication

		 - And also all the PM skills

		 - Think about product strategy and roadmap'

		 - Product market fit

		 - Not about the pitch itself - how did I present, how well did I think through? How well did I spend my time.

		 - Panel is all people I've spoken to

	 - Presentation format
		 - Interactive - 

		 - 20 min presentation + mostly discussion

	 - Can I make assumptions?
		 - Market size etc. - use assumptions based on some article or something I found

	 - Think big; don't get too narrow.

	 - 4 people doing the exercise - will pick two people

	 - People do impressive things

	 - Don't be too open 

	 - Evaluation criteria
		 - Multi-faceted; trying to find weak-spots

		 - Team fit

		 - Presentation / collaboration

		 - Critical thinking / creativity

		 - PM skills / holistically

	 - Huge funnell
		 - 30-45 phone scren

		 - 15 second round

		 - 4 final round

		 - 2 will be hired

- DONE LASA tickets update #[[QS-misc]]  #2021-W15 [[April 12th, 2021]]

- Expedia meeting with [[Yogitha Chilukuri]] and [[Bhargava]]
	 - Slow data inserts
		 - CTAS flow
			 - Analyst issues CTAS from AEP UI

			 - QS invokes request to write data into new dataset

			 - Creates a new batch.

			 - Data from dataset 1 written into staging area.

			 - Batch gets promoted. 

			 - Need to break down to 100GB or less; SLA is about 30 mins.

		 - INSERT
			 - Need to create new batch for new rows

			 - Goes through batch promotion process

			 - SLA: Around 30 mins (Maybe more if buffering)

		 - Batch
			 - Batch is a collection of files that you want to promote together

			 - Files gets staged together and promoted together.

		 - Trusted Provider move
			 - Don't know the performance improvement

			 - QS becomes a trusted provider

			 - QS directly writes to the data lake without Siphon - eliminates steps of staging data and mastering

			 - TP timeline - prioritized for this quarter or next; estimated for 5 weeks

	 - Deletes
		 - Current situation: Can only delete by batch ID.

		 - After CDC: Customers will identify column as primary key
			 - Identify primary key - using SQL

			 - Delete data - Upload file with primary keys and ask for delete

	 - DONE QS customer presentation to Bhargav

	 - 

- Work on [[Skill-level - Online testing platform pitch]]

- DONE L&D Questions #2021-W14 #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]]
	 - 1) Time your failed - almost guaranteed question

	 - 2) time when team member wasn't performing at their best

	 - 3) disagreement with manager

	 - 4) Caught in between conflict of others

	 - 5) had to roll out a product knowing it had issues and could not fix

- Meeting with [[Starburst]] team
	 - NM explained AEP architecture, Query Service, use cases and challenges

	 - 
