- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - Started journaling a bit late today due to problems with Roam. Roam kept not syncing - light was yellow, and I had to restart my computer.

		 - How did that make me feel? I felt tension in my body. Especially in my face. Lower face. Jaw and neck area seems to get tensed up in moments like this. What else was going on? I had a frown inside my head. My lips were neutral, but the inner feeling was that of a frown, and not a smile. It helps to sometimes reverse that intentionally. But what does that frown feel like inside? What's it like to have a tense and frowny feeling inside? It also happens a little below the neck, i would say the upper part of my chest, towards the collar bone area. That's where I feel the tension at times like this. I grit my teeth together as well. These are all signs of tension in my body. I'm learning! I'm curious why these things happen? What's the bundle of body sensations and thoughts that's going on here?

		 - Let's think the thoughts asociated with the last few minutes of restarting my computer / Roam not working. One thing is that it's familiar. It's not new. This is not the first time Roam is malfunctioning and throwing sync errors. So I'm not approaching it with the curiosity of a first time. Rather, I've experienced this issue before several times, and it has caused me much frustration in the past, therefore now I have an almost automatic reaction to this. Roam is not working - I have an automatic negative reaction, and it also brings up a bundle of related tasks that I need to do - find a new task manager, new note taking system, migrate evertyhing, etc. Over and over again, Roam has been malfunctioning, and every time that it does, I've conditioned a negative response - one of thinking oh no! now I need to do a bunch of things to migrate away from it - also thoughts of general procrastination, etc. and this causes tension in my body.

		 - OK. So this is a habit loop. Let's map it out
			 - Trigger: Roam malfunctions.

			 - Behavior: Conditioned thought loop of 'oh no, it's this again, now I need to put in a lot of effort to solve this problem, another thing to do, when will I ever get it done'!

			 - Reward: Feeling of familiarity. The 'complex task I need to do but am currently not doing' is a familiar feeling. Though not pleasant. It perhaps gives me a sense of comfort though perversely.

			 - Reflection: But it really doesn't feel good! Although that feeling is familiar, it's not fun, and my body doesn't really seem to like it either! Approach with curiosity instead.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

- [[MBAs at Adobe - community conversations]] Session 5
	 - Icebreaker
		 - Q
			 - Suppose you win a BILLION dollar lottery! How would this change your life? How would you spend your time on a daily basis?

		 - A
			 - I'd quit my job.

			 - Pursue learning for it's own sake

	 - My response to the prompt
		 - My Master's thesis

		 - Engaging with ideas to understand how the world works

	 - Prompt: 
		 - Think back to one thing you’re very passionate about. What is it? Bring in an item to share with the group. This could be a travel memento, a concert ticket, a piece of clothing; you can bring anything. For more abstract/conceptual passions, even a simple drawing on a piece of paper would work.

	 - 

- LASA
	 - Use case: Segmentation algorithm 
		 - - are you a client for AME vs. physical store / etc.? Online vs. offline vs. etc.; Output of the segmentation is put back into profile

	 - Dev users - how to prevent them from deleting things and messing up

- Chicken pulao #Recipe
	 - Ingredients
		 - Chicken, 1 lb

		 - Basmati rice, 1 cup

		 - Water, 1 cup

		 - Red onion, large, diced, 1/2

		 - Oil, 1 tbsp

		 - Ginger Garlic paste, 1 tbsp

		 - Lemon juice, 1 tbsp

		 - Salt, 1-2 tsp

		 - Dhaniya powder, 1.5 tsp

		 - Jeera powder, 1.5 tsp

		 - Chili powder, 1 tsp

		 - Garam masala, 1/2 tsp

	 - Procedure
		 - Marinate chicken with all the ingredients

		 - Saute onions in IP for 5-10 mins

		 - Add chicken and saute for 5 more mins

		 - Add rice, water, and stir.

		 - High pressure 6 mins + natural release (~ 20 mins) and keep warm.

- Call with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Aditya - 

	 - May 22

	 - Saurabh

	 - Meeting again with Aditya

	 - 

- Product review with [[Anjul]], [[Dave Weinstein]], [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - DONE Anjul requests Working session with Anjul on sales pitch, competition, GTM motion for AEP Dashboards

	 - 

- DONE Budgeting notes #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Finance]]
	 - Budget for tax prep

	 - Cash account

	 - Cancel delta amex - ask for refund
