- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Yesterday I had my first round Google interview, which didn't go well. Let's talk about how it went and how I feel about it. Or maybe let's focus on how I feel about it.

		 - I feel sad that it didn't go well, because I was really hoping for it to go well. Why did I really want this? Because I'm bored and frustrated with my current job, and I was viewing Google as my only escape route. Moreover, I was thinking of it as the place where smart people work, so if I don't get into Google, it's somehow a reflection that I'm not smart enough.

		 - I feel sad, but what else do I feel? I feel disappointed in myself that I didn't perform well at the interview. It's a type of question that I should know better and perform better at - at least I feel. Why do I feel that I should be better? Because I think that in a calm and composed relaxed environment, I would probably do better. So it feels like something within reach that I just failed to make the right motion for. So I feel disappointed in myself that I didn't perform well.

		 - What else? I feel frustrated with myself, because I don't fully understand the reasons for my failure. I don't fully understand exactly what it was that caused me to fail in the interivew, even though the question was not something new. Was it that I didn't practice enough questions? Was it that I didn't practice in the right environments? I think it's a combination of both. For practicing more questions - just make up questions and do 5 minute drills on different questions. Or 10 minute drills. More valuable in 30 mins to do 3 10 minute or shorter drills than to do a deep dive. And the environment question - do mocks with other people whom I don't know, less comfort zone, and then go do real interviews with other companies. Come back to Google after 6 months or after a year.

		 - So I feel sad, disappointed in myself, and frustrated with myself. Also, it's not all on me, is it? I need to acknowledge that the process has a fair amount of luck involved. Even the smartest and most well prepared of PMs will have an off-day. They may have a style of interaction that they react badly to. So I need to understand that recruiting needs to be approached as a probabilistic endeavor. I have a decent probability of getting interviews at this stage in my career, but the interview itself is probabilistic, and I need to understand that.

		 - What else? Whether or not I get into Google is not a reflection of how worthy or smart I am. I am an extremely smart and capable individual. That's beyond question. It's just about whether I'm able to pass this probabilistic test or not. That's all it is.

		 - Why do I want to pass this test so badly? One because it's an escape from my Adobe situation. And two I feel it gives me a sense of validation. I can seek this validation elsewhere.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Plan
	 - CA pre-reads

	 - CA part 2 meeting

	 - CA read-outs

- GTD
	 - DONE Microsoft pm recruiting - Rupesh #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]]

	 - DONE Preparing for death - books #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]] #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

- Review Query Service enhancements for DDOM and LASA with [[Joel Huff]]
	 - Agenda
		 - What are the main Query Service dependencies? Can we track them in a single Jira / wiki list?

	 - DDOM Project
		 - Start with some data assets; figure out schemas and start modeling

- License usage reporting with [[Hazem Zmeili]]
	 - DONE Define license entitlements for Dev sandboxes

- What is [[Databricks]]?
	 - What is Apache spark?
		 - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDVPcqGpEnM

		 - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znBa13Earms

		 - Distributed system for processing big data with a system of clusters

		 - Compare to Hadoop map reduce, but Spark is much faster, and simpler

	 - What is Databricks?
		 - 
