- [[Upali]] day of meditation retreat
	 - Schedule
		 - 0715 - 0800: Sit

		 - 0800 - 0840: Intro talk

		 - 0845 - 0900: Break

		 - 0900 - 0945: Sit

		 - 0945 - 1000: Interview

		 - 1000 - 1030: Walk

		 - 1030 - 1200: Dharma talk

		 - 1200 - 1245: Sit

		 - 1245 - 1330: Walk

	 - TODO Listen to Alan Watts - books, talks #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

	 - Interview w Upali
		 - Don't do the concentration practices - switch to open awareness / shikantaza type practice

- [[Daily journal]]
	 - Today I did Upali's day of meditation retreat. It was more like a half day, but it was still good. I started doing the regular TMI style breath meditation to begin with, but then when I had my interview with Upali, we discussed how this type of meditation always makes me feel frustrated and feel like I'm failing at meditaiton. 

	 - I think the type of meditation I was doing is too goal oriented and too "progress-path" oriented. That's not what I need in my life. Given my OCPD and how goal oriented the rest of my life is, I need meditation to be a counterbalance to that. Meditation should feel more like play rather than a chore or a progress goal. The closest type of meditation I've found to this is the do-nothing practice. Also known as open awareness.

	 - Today I tried this practice. I sat with a gentle focus on the breath - not trying hard to sustain my attention - but gently resting it there. And using this as a base, I tried to observe everything else arising in my mind. Thoughts mostly. Often I would catch thoughts just as they are arising in the background, often I would catch them after they are fully formed, and often I catch them after I've already been caught up in the thought for a long time. This last experience is quite like mind wandering.

	 - The practice is more interesting than stabilizing attention, and I'd like to play with it more. I want to talk to Tucker about the practice and learn more variants of it. Meanwhile, I also want to play around with it on my own.

	 - Now I'm going to do my Mindbloom trip! I'm really looking forward to it.

	 - 

- [[Mindbloom - Ketamine]]  - Going Deeper - Journey 2
	 - Set intentions
		 - Be open to whatever comes up. Surrender to the moment. Let go of control.

	 - Journey

	 - Journal
		 - Just emerging from my journey. Eye mask still covering my eyes. How was it? At one point I hand Gandalf and Rand and Egwene sitting in the Voyager of Star Trek going to different planets. I was there.

		 - At one point we were going to war with the dark one. against the white tower and perrin

		 - Then I wen t through the usual visuals. 3d models of reality folding into each other and criss crossing. While my consciousness glides throught them.

		 - I kept interpreting the music as singing - like a choral ah ah a aa aaaa - i can't tell which instrument I was thinking was a voice. Can listen later and see what is there at the 30 minute mark maybe

		 - What else?Everything feeels good always after the ketamine journey

- Inbox
	 - DONE Beer drop pickup Catalpa - ask landlord

	 - DONE Amazon returns #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W34 [[August 24th, 2022]]

- GoT episodes to watch
	 - Game Of Thrones Season 2, Episode 9, "Blackwater"

	 - Game Of Thrones Season 3, Episode 4, "And Now His Watch Is Ended"

	 - The Mountain And The Viper (Season 4 Episode 8)

	 - Hardhome

	 - Game Of Thrones Season 5, Episode 9, "The Dance Of Dragons"

	 - The Spoils of War (Season 7, Episode 4)

	 - 
