- [[micro-journal]] on interview prep
	 - Let's think about my interview prep. Yesterday, or day before actually, I had a deep dive discussion with Rukma about what's preventing me from working on interview prep. In addition to general procrastination, there's a lot of emotional blockage here.

	 - Emotionally, I have a lot of negative associations with interview prep since the time I went through several interview failure experiences - McKinsey after ILLC, and then several interview failures at Yale. At Yale, I vividly remember struggling so much with the interviews that one day I had a call with Alice and I just kept blabbering about why I want to join some consulting firm. It made my confidence suffer, and for some reason I thought that I am weak at this. This was likely further reinforced by the actual failure experiences that I had, and this goes on to a negative vicious cycle.

	 - Why is it that sometimes I feel very comfortable and sometimes I totally freeze up when interviewing? I think when I feel very judged, or as if I'm on display, performing some sort of examination, I tend to freeze up more.

	 - What's going on in any given moment? Let's take the example of the last LinkedIn interview where she asked me about what I would build for LI. What happened there? What was I feeling? I was feeling a sense of nervousness - that oh, god, this is just the type of question that I don't want to answer.

	 - I need a confidence booster to make me feel like I am able to tackle these kinds of questions. 

- [[Mock PM Interview]] self, meta 20:04
	 - Q
		 - Design a standalone maps app by Meta Inc.

	 - Whiteboard
		 - Intro - framework

		 - Why
			 - 20:17

			 - Company mission: empower people to create communities and connect

			 - Maps mission: empower people to connect and navigate in physical space

			 - Goal: create data for Facebook / increase user engagement with Meta ecosystem / acquire new users to Meta

		 - Who
			 - 20:17

			 - {{timer}}

			 - By role: location owner / consumer / advertiser / transportation vendor

			 - By consumer goals: commuters / search and exploration / driving directions

		 - What / problem
			 - {{timer}}

			 - Find address of a given business or organization

			 - Find results for a given search - e.g. restaurants

			 - Learn more about options / search results - see photos, reviews, etc.

			 - Choose between search results

			 - Plan itinerary and route

			 - Plan trip

			 - Share location with friends

		 - What / solution 
			 - 

- 
