- [[[[Projects]]-MPC]] w [[Milan Shen]], [[Sen Yuan]], [[Sonam Saxena]], [[Sagar Pilania]]
	 - DONE I need to set up 1-1s w Milan and Sen

	 - Context
		 - Need pxfn approval on using mpc-ml

		 - They developed a new MPC-ML solution - and we want to run a pilot with some advertisers

		 - Advertiser will share data, it gets aggregated and anonymized

	 - Org structure
		 - PM for MPC-ML = private computation pm = Matthew Feucht

		 - PC is just a platform - underlying tooling; Matthew is the PM for the underlying platform - but we are building on top of the platform

		 - Our product is private computation optimization

		 - Tech lead = Sen yuan

		 - Igor and Matthew are PMs for the platform, but we need to be the PMs of the delivery product built on top of this platform.

	 - PXFN process - overview
		 - All projects need to go through this process

		 - It's a necessary step prior to engineering execution

		 - Main ask for me and Sonam - need to narrow down where we can vs can't use MPC-ML. Can we use it for OBA opt-out? (ATT is already approved). Can we use in Europe? Etc.

		 - We ultimately will need to get John Hegeman to push this for us, and we need to first convince JH that the opportunity size is large enough to push for it

	 - Next steps
		 - DONE Ask Marvin for list of stakeholders to get alignment from
			 - Drive alignment with stakeholders

			 - Policy - denise butler

			 - Legal - Jack chen, etc.

			 - Central privacy - 

		 - DONE List questions to ask
			 - To use data for ML, data has to be considered "anonymous". Is MPC-ML considered an anonymization technology?

- [[[[Projects]]-MPC]] meet w [[Andy Forquer]], [[Sonam Saxena]]
	 - Agenda
		 - NM: How to reach out to account teams?

		 - SS: Wants to see raw data from past research - interview notes, survey responses, etc.

	 - Process
		 - Andy will share data he used - business graph dataset

		 - See Andy slide 5 - he tied together 3 different tables to get employee contacts

	 - DONE Set up 1-1s w all stakeholders in MPC project

	 - 

- [[[[Projects]]-SG]] sev meeting

- 
