- PETs meeting w [[Ben Savage]], [[Krishna Poola]], [[Sagar Pilania]]
	 - Ben Savage asks - how do we ensure PCO is not cannibalizing regular CO?

	 - DONE Post on PC strategy
		 - Ads PETs Program - Core team

		 - Hi all — At today's meeting we discussed the need for clarifying the target customers for new products such as Private Conversion Optimization to ensure that we are not cannibalizing the existing AEM-based approach. I was just wondering who owns this action item? Thanks!

	 - DONE List key questions to be answered by the inbound
		 - Will MPC convince advertisers to move from link click to conversion optimization?

		 - Will you adopt this product if it benefits your competitors? You need to contribute to a signal pool and everyone benefits.

- Call w Betterhelp - [[Kaushik Manchala]], [[Antony Ho]], [[Tal Hayat]]
	 - Betterhelp is a subsidiary of Teladoc - Telemedicine has seen a meteoric rise since Covid, and especially mental health; betterhelp is the biggest growth engine for Teladoc

	 - Learning phase of ad set
		 - Until they get enough conversions - optimization is still in learning phase; during learning phase, ad spend is not put to the best use

		 - They think private optimization will 

- [[Jacob Styburski]]
	 - Life map - key moments - see google doc
		 - 0: Born in Hyderabad India

		 - 0-7: Raised in Hyderabad primarily by my grandma

		 - 7-11: Moved abroad - UK and US with my parents for four years; developed multicultural identity

		 - 12-18: Moved back to Hyderabad - middle school and high school

		 - 16-18: Went through a phase of questioning everything: parents, religion, authority, social values, etc.; discovered philosophy

		 - 18-22: College at UChicago; studied philosophy; life goal was to become a professor of philosophy - reading and teaching

		 - 22: Rejected from all 10+ PhD programs I applied to; decided to pursue a master's as an alternate route

		 - 23-25: MSc in Logic at the University of Amsterdam; started becoming disillusioned with academic careers and decided it may not be a good fit for me; personality shift to a more organized and disciplined person (almost too much)

		 - 25-28: Moved back to Hyderabad; started career in management consulting at Deloitte for 3 years; enjoyed work, but did not enjoy social life in India; wanted to move to the US (struggle to find the right cultural identity: Indian vs. Western)

		 - 28-30: MBA at Yale; discovered my interest in CS and ML; started dating Rukma (then classmate, now my wife)

		 - 30 - 34: Career as PM. Married Rukma!! Settling down in the Bay Area

	 - Next steps - for next meeting
		 - My interest in questioning - go through short term and long term goals and re-frame them as questions

		 - What's the 1 sentence description of my career - outside roles and titles

		 - How can I leverage my passion for questioning

- Inbox
	 - DONE Amazon meeting doc by EOD Monday

	 - DONE Zide door apply
		 - Why do you want to join?

		 - I experimented with psilocybin when I was in college, and I had some very positive eye-opening experiences, but I have not used it for over ten years since then. In the past year I started using Ketamine for therapeutic and spiritual purposes with the goal of experiencing ego-dissolution. Although I have had fleeting ego-dissolution experiences with Ketamine, I believe that psilocybin will be able to help me have deeper and more meaningful experiences and better help me achieve my therapeutic and spiritual goals.

- 1-1 [[Maxime Boucher]]
	 - About Maxime
		 - FB for 5 years, then joined Gooogle, then at Meta for 5 years again

		 - Whatsapp for past 4 years, then joined CoreML 2022 May

		 - Working on all things mitigation; mitigation split into - readiness and winback

	 - DONE Unified MPC-ML + PC4D doc
		 - Create unified product and technical overview

		 - Who are the advertisers?

		 - Which models are in scope?

	 - DONE Set up recurring meet

- 1-1 [[Saied Tahaghoghi]]
	 - Agenda
		 - +1.4% gain - where's this coming from?

		 - Is our baseline off?

	 - QRT measurement
		 - It's a relative measuree

- 
