- LM PM Sync w [[Gaurav Singh]]
	 - Prompting logic
		 - Set an upper limit for logic

		 - Have a do not show again prompt

		 - DONE Rule based logic for prompting

	 - Problem with preference approach
		 - 99% of users don't go to preferences

		 - Can't have feature specific prompting - for LM / Sign / Etc.

	 - Document commenting

- DONE Deepak blurb
	 - We're excited to host Deepak Bharadwaj, VP of Product Management for Document Cloud, for our next installment of the Executive Speaker Series. Deepak joined Adobe in September 2021, prior to which he was VP and GM for ServiceNow’s Employee Workflow products. 

	 - Deepak is an experienced leader and has worked in dynamic startup-like environments, as well as large scale enterprise companies. In addition to core Product Management leadership, he has experience in Corporate Strategy, well rounded business focus with GTM/Field Marketing, and hands-on engineering and development background. 

	 - It's our sincere pleasure to welcome him as our MBAs@Adobe Executive Speaker this March! This session will be hosted by Nikhil Maddirala who is part of Deepak's organization.

- Susan Qs
	 - What % of LM users are free vs paid?

	 - Do free LM users have a higher propensity to convert to paid value?

	 - Do paid LM users retain better than paid customers that don't use LM?

	 - First visualization shows that in Jan there were 86M users in the LM user base, of which 68M were free users and 3M were paid users.

	 - Second visualization shows that in Jan there were 

- DONE Meet w Ashu w Tiffany and Rick

- Meet w [[Ani Nenkova]], [[Matthew Hardy]], [[David Parmenter]] on process for research

- Call w [[Shantanu Kelkar]]

- 
