- DONE Write to Sourya / describe situation
	 - Message

	 - Capital losses
		 - In July 2017 I realized a capital loss of INR 60,28,202 (~ USD 79,027) from a property sale in India

		 - In February 2019 I realized a capital loss of INR 21,03,772 (~ USD 27,579) from a property sale in India

	 - US tax history
		 - FY 2017: nonresident alien in USA (F1 visa); did not declare any Indian income / gain / loss

		 - FY 2018: nonresident alien in USA (F1 visa); did not declare any Indian income / gain / loss

		 - FY 2019: nonresident alien in USA (F1 visa); did not declare any Indian income / gain / loss

		 - FY 2020: resident in USA (H1B visa / green card); declared Indian income / gain / loss

		 - FY 2021: resident in USA (H1B visa / green card); declared Indian income / gain / loss

	 - Questions
		 - Can I file an amended tax return in the USA to declare capital loss for FY2017? My CPA says the answer is no, because it exceeds the 3-year limit to file an amended tax-return in the USA. Also, since I was a nonresident alien in FY2017, it is apparently not possible for me to declare foreign income / gain / loss for FY2017. 

		 - Can I file an amended tax return in the USA to declare capital loss for FY2019? My CPA says the answer is no, because I was a nonresident alien in FY2019, it is not possible for me to declare foreign income / gain / loss for FY2019. 

	 - 

- [[Apple]] R2 PM interview w [[Neal Mueller]]

- PM Interview - Meta Execution - mocks
	 - Debugging framework - friend request down
		 - __Clarify metric definition__
			 - Click "add friend" button

			 - WoW

			 - --

			 - Ref
				 - Define the metric

				 - scope

				 - time span

				 - edge cases

		 - __Exploratory data analysis to contextualize and isolate the key issue__
			 - Open FB > Profile > Add friend

			 - Open FB > Feed > **See suggested friends > Add friend**

			 - Open FB > Notifications > Suggested friend > Add friend

			 - --

			 - Ref
				 - Contextualize metric
					 - All user journey stages leading up to this metric

				 - Narrow down and isolate the metric
					 - Platform: iOS / Android / mWeb / Desktop

					 - Device type: mobile / tablet / desktop

					 - Geo

				 - Time series
					 - Gradual vs. sudden change

		 - __Mid-point recap__

		 - __Hypothesize root causes__
			 - 

			 - --

			 - Ref
				 - Product changes

				 - Inventory (e.g. less stories being created)

				 - Relevance (e.g. stories are not as relevant)

				 - Competition (substitutes / cannibalization)

				 - Performance issues - crashes, slowdowns

				 - Analytics logging issues

		 - __Summarize__
			 - 

	 - Tradeoff framework
		 - __Clarify question and identify as tradeoff__
			 - Qualitative: surveys and customer interviews

		 - Impact on customers
			 - __Quantitative: monitor key metrics__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Metrics for new functionality introduced (e.g. for payments)

					 - Metrics for other features (e.g. messages, calls)

					 - Umbrella metric that captures both of the above (e.g. time spent / app launches)

					 - Retention metrics

			 - __Qualitative: surveys and customer itnerviews__
				 - 

		 - __Impact on mission and strategy__
			 - 

			 - --

			 - Ref
				 - Mission

				 - Strategic considerations

				 - Risks
					 - Privacy

					 - Trust

					 - Security

					 - Regulation

		 - __Test and iterate__
			 - 

			 - Ref
				 - Set up A/B test

				 - Size: 1-5% test and control

				 - Duration: 2-4 weeks (longer if focus on retention)

		 - Recap

- [[Intuit]] PM recruiter chat w [[Zach Tomashosky]]
	 - About role
		 - Implementing AI to better fuel financial life of customers

		 - May be focus on flagship product / live experts / growth

		 - Both working with customers and working with other PMs

	 - About Intuit
		 - Product verticals: Consumer (TurboTax, Mint, Credit Karma) / SBSEG (Quickbooks)

		 - TurboTax -

		 - I report into a director who has 4 other direct reports - focus on growth and retention

	 - Interview process
		 - R1 - HM call 45m - work experience, behavioral

		 - Virtual on-site - HM + 3 other interviewers - PM + xfn - Group interview - I present + follow-up 1-1s - need to prepare portfolio of my project work

		 - 

- Team meeting w [[Randy Swineford]]
	 - Meredith joining - May 4; after joining first 2 weeks she will be splitting time until may 18

	 - Mano (spelling?) - Sr PM at CIsco - joining end of may / early june due to H1B transfer

	 - Invite David P to present on alpha process

- [[OpenAI]] PM interview R1 HM chat w [[Fraser Kelton]]
	 - Qs for interviewer
		 - What's the role of PM at OpenAI? Who are the customers?

		 - Describe role?

		 - What's the interview process?

	 - OpenAI APIs
		 - GPT3: copywriting, summarization, parsing unstructured text, classification, translation

		 - Codex: text to sql, code continuation

	 - Dall-E launch
		 - Launched within 3 months

		 - Ambitious and very effective

	 - About Fraser
		 - 2 yrs at OpenAI; introducing GPT-3, Codex, Co-pilot; now growing product team; 

		 - 4 PMs; 1 internal transfer, and two new PMs hired

		 - Very early stage product

		 - Joanne joined last year - launched embeddings, then switched to Dall-E, then new project - 

	 - Walk me through a recent launch
		 - Talked about LM-auto-open

	 - Product that I use regularly I do not like
		 - FB Portal

	 - What does PM at OpenAI do?
		 - Want to develop easy to use APIs that developers can use 

		 - Separate product company - 

	 - Why product and commercial activity?
		 - Three reasons
			 - Capital - getting money to fund research

			 - Practice - models will get more risky; practicing deployment in low stakes environment

			 - Reach - 

	 - Interview process
		 - 5x interview loop

		 - Fraser + PM + head of design + one eng + xfn (VP finance) + Peter (Fraser's boss)

		 - Mostly behavioral - plus one

- [[Mock PM Interview]] - FB - w [[Nicholas Flores]]
	 - Framework - Meta Product sense
		 - Intro

		 - Q
			 - PM at Meta - build a health product.

		 - Clarify understanding
			 - Who is building the product and where?

			 - Clarify understanding of product / product space (e.g. what type of travel?)

			 - Constraints: platform / geography

		 - Introduce structure - let me first discuss how I'd like to approach this question:
			 - WHY are we building this product? What's our mission and objective?

			 - WHO are we building this product for? Who are the target users?

			 - Then discuss WHAT are the user problems that we want this product to solve.

			 - Finally I'll discuss potential solutions for what to build.

			 - If there's more time at the end, we can briefly discuss risks and success metrics for this product.

		 - WHY do/did we build this product? What's our mission and objective?
			 - State company mission: Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. 

			 - {{timer}}

			 - __Connect product to company mission__
				 - People depend on communities to find healthcare

				 - Health situations bring people - families together.

				 - Need to leverage communities for health.

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Already many communities around XYZ

			 - __Connect product to company strategy__
				 - Enable meaningful interactions between people

				 - Brings new users into the Meta ecosystem and gives existing users additional value from the ecosystem.

				 - Leveraging FB ecosystem will give us powerful data.

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Enable meaningful interactions between people

					 - Brings new users into the Meta ecosystem and gives existing users additional value from the ecosystem.

					 - Leveraging FB ecosystem will give us powerful data.

					 - Virtuous cycle of engagement

					 - Competition

					 - Industry trends

					 - Metaverse

			 - __State product mission__
				 - **Empower people to get healthcare by leveragign the power of community**

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Enable meaningful interactions through ...

					 - FB Stories (mock): Bring people closer together through daily moments.

					 - Sweetgreen: To inspire healthier communities by connecting people to real food.

					 - Workday: To put people at the center of enterprise software.

					 - Warby Parker: To offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses.

		 - WHO are we building this product for? Who are the target users?
			 - {{timer}}

			 - __Stakeholders: users / creators / businesses / suppliers / partners / vendors / regulators / govt / employees / etc.__
				 - **Patients / users**

				 - Providers - doctors / hospitals / healthcare / nutritionists

				 - Payers - insurers / corporations / government

				 - Family / friends

				 - Regulators

				 - Marketplaces / exchanges

				 - Pharma / labs

				 - Gyms / fitness 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Marketplace

			 - Prioritize stakeholders
				 - For the sake of time, prioritize user side - because a great user experience will ultimately benefit all other stakeholders of the product

			 - {{timer}}

			 - __User segments__
				 - Type: **chronic** / in-pateint / urgent care / out-patient visit

				 - Life stage: child / adult / elderly

				 - Frequency: **high** /  low

				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Goals / needs

					 - Engagement level by feature

					 - Frequency

					 - With whom? solo / friends / family / classmates

					 - Level of knowledge / sophistication / interest / access / skill / coordination

					 - Demographics
						 - Life stage - student / young professional / family w kids / elderly

						 - Location

						 - Money

						 - Time

			 - Prioritize by mission, size, and impact - frame as large group with underserved need

		 - WHAT are the user problems faced by our target users?
			 - {{timer}}

			 - Recap so far: mission > who

			 - __List user journey steps__
				 - 

				 - Find the right provider
					 - Don't know who to trust

					 - Don't know who meets my criteria

				 - Schedule appointment

				 - Manage ongoing care
					 - Make treatment plan

					 - Monitoring and feedback

					 - Manage medication and treatment

				 - Find another provider
					 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref: user journey
					 - Stages: before, during, after

					 - Two sides: creator / producer

			 - __List user needs and pain points__
				 - **Finding the right provider**

				 - Coordinating and scheduling

				 - COmmunicating with your doctor

				 - Measuring and monitoring your care plan

				 - --

				 - Ref: pain points
					 - Takes too long

					 - Is frustrating

					 - Inefficient 

			 - Prioritize: frequency, severity (for user and MISSION), alternatives

		 - What / solution ideas
			 - {{timer}}

			 - __List solution ideas (include one moonshot)__ 
				 - FB groups for chronic conditions, M, L
					 - Information page

					 - Q&A

				 - Directory of providers - pages - with reviews, M-L, M 

				 - Chat-bot / AI concierge to help people with chronic conditions, M, H

				 - --

				 - Ref: FB ideas
					 - Wizard: user inputs + magic = results to solve problem

					 - Chatbot / AI concierge

					 - FB custom group 

					 - Social: connecting people, creating community, collaborating

				 - Ref: general Ideas
					 - AI/ML, AR/VR, metaverse, ambient computing

					 - Growth: Targeted reminders, gamification

				 - Ref: AR/VR
					 - AR in-home product experience

			 - Prioritize: effort, impact (what, who, why), MISSION

			 - __Solution deep dive__
				 - Entry: newsfeed, groups

				 - Steps: See information and links, post questions, comments, discussions

				 - Critical: respond to comment or question

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Entry point

					 - Main steps and call to action

					 - After

		 - Risks and success metrics
			 - Explain mini-framework

			 - __Risks and trade-offs__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Privacy / trust

					 - Competition

					 - Cannibalization

					 - Time to market

					 - Necessary partnerships

					 - Difficulty in technology

					 - Scaling risks

			 - __List metrics: adoption / engagement / retention / monetization__
				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Adoption: Sign-ups / downloads

					 - Engagement: Daily usage / %

					 - Retention

					 - Monetization

					 - Guardrail metrics
						 - Ecosystem level metrics

			 - __Prioritize metric: usually engagement %__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Adoption / engagement / retention / monetization

					 - Default: Engagement is the best measure of how much value our product is providing to users.

			 - __Downsides of metric__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref

		 - Closing
			 - Recap: mission > user > pain point > solution > metric

			 - Paint vision for future
				 - This is just the starting point - we just picked one use case and MVP solution.

				 - The mission is much broader.

	 - DONE Feedback
		 - Mission - 10/10

		 - Stakeholders / users - 10/10

		 - User problems - 8/10
			 - Prioritization framework upfront: size, frequency, alternatives, how well it fits into Meta ecosystem

			 - List prioritization framework upfront - then say I will use a simple thing

		 - Solutions - 6/10
			 - Ideas not super interesting 

			 - Prioritization - don't just say impact / effort - talk about competitors / integration w Meta ecosystem

			 - Deep dive: WAS NOT SOLVING THE SPECIFIC PAIN POINT
