- [[Intro 1-1]] w [[Jack Chen]]
	 - About Jack
		 - At Meta for 18 months; leads core ads product legal team - ads signals and ads delivery

		 - Used to lead responsibility and privacy as well - but created new team for that

		 - Leads a team of 10 attorneys

		 - DONE I'll be working with Brett Pailet on IP matching and AEMv2

		 - Lives in NJ - remote employee - w 4 kids

		 - Prior - attorney at Google for Chrome

	 - About Signal Loss

	 - Biggest event: ATT; our ability to get third party iOS data - 
		 - FB in-app web viewer data - is that 1P or 3P data?

		 - When FB sends data back from FB app to FB server, we can send limited data back (only certain number of bits); currently a policy limitation - but may become a technical limitation

	 - OBA
		 - Controlled by privacy laws - not by Apple regulation

		 - Regulators clamping down on 3pd and wanting explicit opt-in

	 - FB's main response:
		 - Anonymize data for learning

	 - Role of legal team
		 - FTC consent order being followed
			 - If there's a meaningful change to privacy - users need to be informed

		 - Part of pxfn - PM, eng, policy, legal

	 - How to learn more about OBA?
		 - DONE Privacy legal - Eric Fromm

		 - 

- Misc
	 - Hope you're doing well, Guang! 😊 I'm helping organize the Ads Core ML SL mitigation summit in NYC next month, and Sam Elshamy recommended you as a speaker for the topic "SL calibration & debiaser". Could you please check the schedule and confirm if this is alright with you? Thank you!
 https://fburl.com/gdoc/2xdocw44

	 - Thank you all for your participation in the upcoming SL mitigation summit! Having reached out to all the speakers individually for confirmation, I am now sharing the finalized agenda: https://fburl.com/gdoc/2xdocw44

I plan to publish this to some larger groups today around 1pm PT, so in case of any comments or concerns, please let me know before then. Thank you! :) 

- Inbox
	 - DONE Car detail #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W33 [[August 18th, 2022]]
		 - https://sharpautodetail.com/sharp-classic-interior-cleaning/ - $100 - asked for quote

		 - https://www.ajautodetail.com/services-and-pricing - mini-detail for <$100

		 - https://www.cargenixsdetailing.com/auto-detailing/ - $150 mini-detail

	 - DONE Car servicing #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]  #2022-W33 [[August 18th, 2022]]

	 - DONE Book tickets

- [[Intro 1-1]] w [[Xiaowen Ding]]
	 - OBA context
		 - We can no longer use conversion labels for OBA opt-out users

	 - Mitigation strategies
		 - Transferring from opt-out users - Yuhui is working on this

		 - PPML - Xiaowen is working on this; don't use user level data directly, but use it at aggregated, anonymized level

	 - AAL
		 - Supposed 200 users clicked, and 10 users converted; to anonymize, we will add noise to this data (e.g. add two more conversions)

		 - Each row is aggregated based on pre-defined features

	 - People
		 - Zhonghua - focus on 1dct, whereas Xiaowen works on other models

		 - Another distinction is web vs app models

	 - NM notes
		 - This guy seems not that closely working with this project - only part time basis, but very smart and good at explaining

- Core ML n00bs meet w [[Nick Strumpf]], [[Srikar Kasinadhuni Prasad]], [[Sheela Yadawad]], [[Owen Brown]]
	 - 

- [[Intro 1-1]] w [[Mingrui Wu]]
	 - About Mingrui
		 - Work on ML - search and rankings - for long time; worked in Yahoo, MS, Alibaba, AV startup, etc.

		 - Focus on SL LTT

	 - What is SL
		 - DONE Read whitepaper on SL

		 - Data loss = feature loss + label loss

		 - Strategy to compensate for SL - need to look for additional data sources

	 - Learning from labeled and unlabeled impressions
		 - Naive approach - throw away unlabeled impressions

		 - Better approach - use both 

	 - Leverage onsite data more than offsite data
		 - Examples: How long did the person view the post? Friends, events participated, etc.

		 - Hypergraph learning - automatically find the relevant features

	 - AAL - aggregated and anonymized learning / PPML
		 - This is good enough to recover all the data loss

	 - Learning from synthetic data
		 - Using GANs / auto-encoder to generate synthetic data

	 - MPC - multi-party-computation - store label and feature in different places

- [[Intro 1-1]] w [[Sonam Saxena]]
	 - About Sonam
		 - Part of AI team - early stage technologies that make it into production

	 - MPC
		 - Private computation / private lift

	 - DONE Can't see other person when they're presenting

	 - 
