- CoD sync w [[Laurie Bryum]], [[Pallav Vyas]], [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Decide on hotfix for Nov crashes issue
		 - Do we want to do (**1- removing library loading**) for Nov hotfix patch and Jan release too because in that case we would need to take new tflite drop? There is already some issues going on with latest colorado and Tflite w.r.t. jan release.

		 - Do we want to remove devices form target to reduce number of crashes and then just do (**2 - fallback to streaming in case of errors**) in Jan release?

		 - Do we want to remove devices form target to reduce number of crashes immediately and then also do (**2 - fallback to streaming in case of errors**) for Nov hotfix and Jan release?

	 - Delegate serialization and auto-open
		 - If google cannot provide support, then we won't be able to roll-out auto-open further

		 - Will get Joe from partnerships team to escalate

		 - Fallback B: Don't do delegate serialization if it crashes 

	 - Q2 plans - DTM, W3, etc.

	 - Auto-open analytics
		 - ConvWasAutoOpen - logged at pipeline start; now it will be in parallel

		 - Event to log - SQ / NQ / FQ 

	 - 

- Aetna
	 - Hello! It looks like I have spent more than my out-of-pocket limit for the year 2021. From the "claims and spending" section of your website, I downloaded the claims CSV and totaled up my cost for the year which is $3,255.46. This amount is greater than my out of pocket limit of $3,000. Could you please look into this and let me know if you can refund the difference to me? Thank you!

- 
