- CA FTB registration
	 - User: zippycilantro

	 - father's middle: false landing

	 - fav book: mundane manager

	 - fav beverage: circus iron

- 1-1 [[Mitchell Peralta]]
	 - Agenda
		 - How can I get involved w MBA recruiting?

		 - Can I organize an event with other Meta folks?

		 - Can I coordinate something w Yale?

	 - About Mitchell
		 - He's a sourcer on the business side - nontech roles; moved to a regional model

	 - Hosting events
		 - If I want to host a tech trek - I'm more than welcome to do that

		 - I can get recruiting to jump in for a talk - recruiting overview

	 - Yale event
		 - Timing - slowdown across the board, but in general Nov / Dec is when we get headcount. More internship heavy than full-time heavy - Sept / Oct / Nov is the sweet-spot

		 - Ask for presentations

		 - DONE Talk to Katie Cowling from Stern for advice
			 - Hi Katie! Mitchell Peralta said you hosted a similar event for Stern and that I should leverage your learnings.

		 - DONE Organize Yale event

	 - DONE MCIT event - Adderlyn Lora 

	 - 

- 1-1 Coaching w [[Jacob Styburski]]
	 - Agenda
		 - I want to build strong relationships with my team and xfn partners - remote onboarding is hard

		 - I want to grow from IC5 to M1 - managing upwards

	 - Had a good intro talk; I told him about my goals

	 - DONE HW: Life map and then meet in Sep 6 week

	 - Meet in week of Sept 6 

- 1-1 lunch w [[Sen Yuan]]
	 - Agenda
		 - My struggles w Signal Gain vs. PC

- 1-1 [[Fan Yuan]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review OBA review sheet

- 1-1 [[Sonam Saxena]]
	 - Agenda
		 - SG vs. PC - how to navigate?

		 - AI4ads review - didn't get on calendar

		 - Amazon engagement

	 - Project Zurich
		 - Problem w MPC is that we take data back to our data center; we are both data collector and data processor; not sure - we should verify w Sen

		 - Zurich is the same tech behind Private Lift - like a Clean Room; in this case AWS becomes the data processor

		 - Two use cases: 
			 - DFCA / targeting

			 - Attribution

		 - Conversion optimization is more complex for some reason - not sure

	 - Sonam says we should do our own parallel study - independently of Igor and team

- 1-1 w [[Shuai Liu]]
	 - About Shuai
		 - PhD in Berkeley and then joined Meta

		 - Working on feature loss mitigation

	 - Feature loss mitigation techniques
		 - Feature selection - 1PD features

		 - Building new features

	 - AAL has three parts, increasing in complexity:
		 - Evaluation

		 - Modeling

		 - Features

	 - 

- 1-1 [[Milan Shen]]
	 - Agenda
		 - SG vs PC

- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]
	 - Agenda
		 - SG deep dive

		 - SG / PC issues 

- 
