- Inbox
	- DONE Share biz camp w core ml pms
	- DONE Plan Nov vacation
	- DONE GEHS Working From Home Safely was due on 9/2/2022. [[September 6th, 2022]]
	- DONE Plan Peru travel #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]
		- Ref
			- Itineraries
				- https://worldlyadventurer.com/peru-itinerary/
				- https://www.tourradar.com/ig/peru-7-days
		- Cities to visit
			- Lima
			- Cusco
			- Machu Pichu
		- Itinerary
			- Sat 11/12 - arrive in Lima
			-
- 1-1 [[Bowen Gong]]
	- Agenda
		- Anything we can do to expand on summit initiative?
			- Regular half-yearly summit?
			- Keep updating the talks?
	- OBA doc
		- Pre-match and AI use the same TTSN model
		- When optimizing Pre-match, you also want to optimize AI - so AI falls under both early stage and final stage
	- DONE Expand to half-yearly summit #[[[[Projects]]-org-capacity]]
- 1-1 [[Steven Chen]]
	- Agenda
		- Intro
		- Project intro: need to build use case
	- Steven intro
		- Steven is PMM-dev - closest to PM and eng
		- PMM-solution - in between dev and growth - bundle larger gtm moments
		- PMM-growth - farthest from PM / eng - more focused on outbound
	- DONE What are the customer-facing products that CoreML models are supportin
- Inbound call w Techstyle
	- About Techstyle
		- Brands: Fabletics, Yeti, Fab kids, etc.
		- Subscription brands
	- About advertising
		- Very performance driven - care about CPA
		- They will spend as much as they can as long as they have positive ROI
		- They spend about $120M / year
		- We are 60
		- They are very far advanced wrt privacy
	- Optimization
		- Optimizing for conversions
		- Also rely on third party tools for measurement
	- Pain points w optimization
		- SL is a huge concern for them
			- Their brands are very iOS heavy - view and video
			- ATT cut into all three of those things -
		- Budget varies wildly
- Core ML PM team meeting w [[Shabnam Erfani]]
	- Core ML x AI4Ads collab
		- People have questions about how to collaborate with AI4Ads
		- Shabnam's working model is AI team leads in early stage and research and Core ML team leads when product matures
		- But this working model is still early stages
	-
- 1-1 [[Marvin Kim]]
	- Agenda
		- Core ML PMM needs
		- What are the products?
- 1-1 [[Siyi]]
	- Agenda
		- Intros
		- Learn about MPC-ML DS work
	- About Siyi
		- Joined Meta in 2021 Nov
		- Areas: PPML, SL LTT, APS (Ads Profile Separation - IG specific), A&A data guardrail
		- PPML - three types - AAL, FL (paused), MPC-ML
		- AAL - can be used for ranking and also delivery health - for calibration and for offline ranking evaluation
		- Weiwei is Siyi's TL - Siyi works on implementation details
		- Weiwei works on opportunity sizing and strategy; Siyi works on implementation
	- MPC-ML
		- Cost analysis - for cloud computing resources
		- Also working on Ads score gain and iRev
		- Gain analysis - should baseline be Link Click Optimization or MPC Delivery Health
		- Siyi owns opportunity sizing for MPC-ML but Anamika is totaling up all the PC products
- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]
	- PMM products
		- Conversion optimization - this is a product
	- DONE Ask Sha on OBA review invitees for Sept and Nov
	- nikhil.maddirala@gmail.com
- Saya message
	- Yes, it would be great if you could keep me posted on any appointments opening up - thank you! 
	  
	  I started with bupropion 150mg/day for two weeks (July 25 - August 7), and then went up to 300mg / day (August 8 - today), but I do not feel any effect at all. Should we try going up to 450mg / day? Or should we call it quits and move to a different medication? Last time we discussed Vyvanse or Adderall XR.