- Inbox
	 - TODO Nespresso pods #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

- 1-1 [[Courtney Igo]]
	 - Agenda
		 - CDP vs. CoreML?

	 - About
		 - Really into fitness - biking to work / peloton / fitness / etc.

		 - Meta for 10 years - 5 years in sales - then 5 years in PMM; started in market dynamics, then moved into optimization

	 - Market dynamics
		 - auction, pacing, bidding, budgeting, ecosystem, etc.

	 - Optimization
		 - Ranking - focus on deep funnel ranking

		 - Products - conversion optimization, value optimization, etc.

		 - Also looking at upper funnel

	 - Signal loss

	 - Conversion semantic alignment project - project ground truth

	 - DONE Meet w Steve Chen

	 - Review CSA napkin - conversion semantic alignment

- Etsy call
	 - DONE People can't see me on Portal

	 - Etsy background
		 - Their branding is around privacy first advertising; they need to maintain trust with their users and sellers

	 - Etsy goals
		 - Want to drive ROI - doing conversion, and value optimization

		 - Ads is a revenue center for them

		 - Offsite ads - they dump their seller products into a catalog and they advertise them on FB

		 - Using CAPI, SDK, and Pixel

	 - AEM
		 - ATT was a big concern for them - app users are very valuable

- 1-1 [[Yuhui Ouyang]]
	 - OBA Policy Implementation
		 - There is no clear distinctions between 1PD and 3PD

		 - We do have to draw a line somewhere - the place we drew the line is very conservative; we are also cutting out 1PD

		 - Shuai's proposal addresses this
			 - His 

	 - Data definition
		 - If advertiser shares 3pd data file; e.g. T-mobile gives us a list of phone numbers - is that 1PD or 3PD?

		 - We looked at our important features and traced back their classifications

	 - Redundant falgs
		 - We used to define features at the device level - now we changed it to user level; mapped not only to user grain but all the OBA definition

	 - User defn
		 - If user is opted in in one place vs opted out somewhere else - e.g. iPad vs iPhone

		 - There's also a lookback window

		 - Implementation issues - two systems are working together

	 - DONE Meet w Yuan He

	 - What Yuhui wants help with
		 - What's the best way to communicate this review

		 - Focus on OBA policy

- DONE Update Yale [[August 30th, 2022]]
	 - Hi all! Just wanted to provide an update that we've finalized Tuesday, Nov 1st, 6-8pm ET. I will start a separate group including everyone who signed up for for this date and use that group for future communications on this topic. (I'm on PTO for the rest of the week, so this will happen early next week!)

- 
