- Roadmap meeting w [[Sagar Pilania]]
	 - IG only - IG only - Ads profile separation

- 1-1 [[Tal Hayat]]
	 - 

- 1-1 [[Yuhui Ouyang]]
	 - Agenda
		 - OBA review - TLDR section

		 - I will share w group

- 1-1 [[Mandeepak Singh]]
	 - DONE Set up 1-1 with Gerardo

	 - 

- SL roadmapping meeting
	 - Agenda
		 - Update on what PMs did

- [[Therapy]] w [[Tucker Peck]]
	 - Conversation w dad re - finances
		 - Try talking to dad without talking about the problem

	 - Vape usage / addiction

- Inbox
	 - DONE CMV post
		 - CMV: Open containers should be legal in cars and in public places in the USA

		 - I know that as long as I keep my BAC below 0.08, I am safe to drive and behave peacefully in public places. Moreover, I know that as long as I limit my drinking to one standard drink per hour, I stay under my BAC limit. Given this, I believe that I should be able to have my drink in my car or in a public place so long as I am not causing any harm to anybody.

		 - (Note: each person's limit is different; 0.08 is the legal limit and it works for me based on personal experience, but some people may have a lower limit and/or a lower amount of alcohol they can consume to stay within the limit).

		 - What I am arguing should be legal:

		 - Drinking a can of beer in my car while driving as long as I am not exceeding the legal BAC limit and not causing harm to others.

		 - Drinking a can of beer in a public place (e.g. park) as long as I am not drunk and not causing any harm to others.

		 - What I am NOT arguing should be legal:

		 - Exceeding the legal BAC limit while driving.

		 - Engaging in any other behavior that is harmful to others while drinking.

		 - Engaging in any other illegal behavior while drinking.
