- DONE A/B testing w Meta Pay
	 - Hi Chuan — Is it possible to break our analysis into two phases like this:

	 - Phase 1: High level estimation of detectability given current Meta Pay recall (~ 1%). Shuai and I strongly suspect that regardless of any other assumptions, this level of recall is too low for any adscore gain to be detectible.

	 - Phase 2: Detailed understanding of the relationship between recall, traffic, and MDE.

	 - I'm wondering if there's any way we can knock out phase 1 in a couple of days and then move on to phase 2?

	 - (It's like I want an analysis of what kind of house I can afford to buy in SF, but I only have $100 in my bank account. Sure, we can do a detailed analysis relating my income and savings to the kind of house I can afford, but we can first quickly conclude that I cannot afford to buy any house in SF right now.)

- Meet w [[Dmitrii Ivanovskii]], [[Yair Koren]] on Shops Lite A/B testing
	 - Agenda
		 - How will QRT work?

		 - MDE / volume

		 - Msg from Damien L

	 - About Yair
		 - From Yahoo - ad delivery specialist; TL for Shop Ads; lot of background in Ad delivery

	 - About Dmitri
		 - Dima for short - worked in Meta ads for 5 years; moved to Shops Ads in Feb

		 - House Ads was the project he worked on - one of the founders

	 - House ads vs. QRT
		 - Recruited test
			 - Get 10-20 advertisers and get them to create a test

			 - Difficult to find people and make them set up the test; uses Split Test framework; requires a lot of manual work

			 - Just using the publicly facing version of A/B test

		 - House Ads
			 - Added "house component" to recruited test; we can manage it on our end

			 - Onboard them onto the house platform
				 - Decide to onboard internally

				 - Then write a comms message

				 - They don't need to opt-in explicitly; the just have to opt-out if they don't want; can ask for soft consent; but we are paying for the ads, so they usually don't opt-out

			 - As good as recruited test

			 - This is a good framework for testing new product

	 - A/B test methodology
		 - A: Current situation

		 - B: Degraded - minus 1PD

		 - C: Degraded - plus 1PD

	 - PM
		 - Shops Ads Experimentaion / House Ads platform: Gaurav

		 - 

- 1-1 [[Tal Hayat]]
	 - DONE Schedule tech review

	 - 

- 1-1 w [[Mandeepak Singh]]
	 - What's the value of Shops Lite if we can't do in H1? We can move directly to Shop Ads right?

- 1-1 [[Yuhui Ouyang]]
	 - Feedback
		 - + Communication skills top tier; very clear

		 - + Drive things smoothly

		 - - Knowledge is low on Core ML; relying too much on meeting participants; take time to improve; e.g. Mandeepak has LOT of knowledge

		 - - Driving projects; pxfn for surf contr. went well; I have less influence because I'm too new; develop stronger relationships w people

		 - 

	 - DONE Meet w Junbiao, Sagar, Mandeepak - Also Signals leads?

	 - DONE LH table - how can LH migrate over? Can LH adopt our approach? Apurva agrees that their tech is not re-usable for 1PD - not generalizable - need to do this week

	 - Choosing advertisers for 1PD a/b
		 - Look at advertisers who had a big drop in CVR - compare now vs. 2021-Apr

	 - Notes
		 - Time off from next week - Jan 9

	 - Recap of what we're working on
		 - OBA

		 - Feature versioning

		 - 1PD

	 - General feedback
		 - 1PD - what's my role? how can I be more effective?

- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]
	 - 1PD - HC will have to wait until early Jan; SG buckets: 1PD, 3PD, Consent

	 - Amazon conversations
		 - 1 click checkout - similar to Shops Lite

		 - creators - integrating creator content into ads - using Amazon budget to boost creator content driving sales; using coffee content creators to drive coffee maker ad sales on Amazon

		 - 

- Meet w Yuhui, Mandeepak, Shuai
	 - DONE Meet w Nidhi on Meta Pay

- 
