- What is the relationship between MPC-ML and PC4D?
	 - Private Computation for Delivery (PC4D) is a project that uses MPC for ad bidding, campaign calibration, and QRT.

	 - https://fb.workplace.com/groups/164332244998024/permalink/918405992923975/

	 - MPC-ML will use PC4D as a foundation for layering ML

- Igor + Tal message
	 - Hi folks! Further to the canonical PPML doc review last week, there have been a number of questions around what MPC-ML is and isn't (e.g. is it limited to a specific model such as Conversion Optimization? Is it limited to a specific modeling technique such as AAL / WALR? How is it related to PC4D? etc.).

We are planning a canonical MPC-ML review in Nov / Dec, but in the interim I'd like to share a short follow-up clarification post this week. Could you please review and share any thoughts? Thank you!

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CRhvWdInNFXcZRN9K018tJHYY2sBaUmfqKCTPaBS3J4/edit?usp=sharing

#shareadoc

	 - 

- Inbox
	 - TODO Deloitte PF forms #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2023-W14

	 - DONE Finalize Amber - menu, cocktails, maroon napkins

- 1-1 [[Maxime Boucher]]
	 - BIS numbers are way less

	 - Prioritization action items
		 - Getting accurate view of Core ML BIS

	 - Key group for prio
		 - Maxime

		 - Zhongua

		 - Marvin

		 - Yuhui

		 - Mingrui / Waqas

- SL Roadmap follow-ups
	 - Hi all, starting this thread to align on the roadmap priority area: 

Could you please review and update the yellow columns in this area by tomorrow?

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZyUQVI8Q3HxG-omPi9uMdC3RK26wvq4b6t_FIu_-3oc/edit?usp=sharing

	 - Members
		 - Sagar

		 - Sha

		 - Maxime

		 - Sonam

	 - 1. Better use of 1PD, opt-in data (SL + Privacy Roadmap)

	 - 2. Better use of A&A data and use of PETs (SL + Privacy Roadmap)

	 - 3. Mitigate loss from new ATT, regulatory and Meta policy changes (SL + Privacy Roadmap)

	 - 4. Pre-attribution signal loss - Debiaser and related work (SL + Privacy Roadmap)

	 - 5. SL ML Foundations (SL + Privacy Roadmap)

	 - 6. Understand Signal Loss (SL + Privacy Roadmap)

	 - 7. Complying with Privacy events (SL + Privacy Roadmap)

	 - 8. Signal Loss Stability and Revenue reliability (SL + Privacy Roadmap)

- Reading for [[Stanford IPD COM 19]]

- 
