- Inbox
	 - DONE Find cupertino winery

- [[[[Projects]]-MPC]] w [[Shripad Gade]], [[Milan Shen]], etc.
	 - Update on px

- 1-1 w [[Katya Fuks]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Share some docs with me

	 - 3pd controls
		 - Users are able to opt-out of DFCA or OBA

		 - Making the controls more granular and more control

	 - Major controls they are focused on
		 - ATT

		 - OBA

		 - DFCA

		 - OFA

	 - Opting out of sensitive topics
		 - Want to opt out of smoking ads eg

		 - This is a new type of signal

	 - 3pd opt-in growth
		 - Goals
			 - How can we help people make more informed choices?

			 - Trying to optimize ads score

		 - Initiatives
			 - Contextual opt-in reconsideration experience 
				 - - e.g. after you buy an ad, we can prompt you to ask for more relevant ads

			 - Offer value proposition
				 - Some people love ads; Some people will never opt-in no matter what we do; most people are in-between

				 - Targeting the ambivalent group - more value experiences

			 - Can we make ads worse for people who opt-out for a short time period?
				 - This will temporarily drop ads score but in the

			 - Get more 1PD signal from users
				 - Ask them to select their interests

	 - DONE Who else can I talk to?
		 - Talk to Hiral - she's the PM for increasing 3pd through enhanced privacy and ad experience controls

		 - Talk to Mahiar - about getting 1PD signal

- PM Mentor chat w [[Richard Liu]], [[Aparna Ramakrishnan]], [[Kuldeep Das]]
	 - Aparna topic: Roadmap vs. new topics coming up

	 - Nikhil topic: xfn ownership
		 - Break it down by user journey and see which team owns what

		 - Create canonical people and process doc

		 - Ask for manager to manager talk

	 - Create canonical doc for

- [[Diwakar Taxes]] in person appointment
	 - Uploaded files to portal

	 - DONE Missing docs
		 - IRS payment receipts

		 - Extension form

		 - Mutual fund NAVs - excel sheet

		 - Interest forms - Kotak

		 - NM HSA - 1099SA

	 - Next steps
		 - $1100, discounted from $1300

		 - Pooja or Avanya

		 - Call the number on the website

	 - Questions
		 - Mistake in pricing: The same fund is listed in multiple line items due to difference in cost or selling price - is that multiple funds?

		 - Capital gains only for realized or unrealized also?

		 - Can I get a combined quote for 2020 + 2021 taxes?

		 - 2020 - how to calculate gains? Is it Jan 1 2020 till sale?

		 - Can I get some advisory in addition?

		 - Can I get your email address?

	 - Notes
		 - Pay $500 now

		 - Email: support@diwakartaxes.com - put Pooja and

		 - Working 5 days a week

	 - Additional info needed from Anand

- 
