- LM-Android sync w [[Tushark Bansal]]
	 - DONE Set up prioritization meeting w Matthew and Aditya

- Research meeting w [[Kyeung]], [[Sumit Shekhar]]
	 - We need to come up with options for each keyword - "outline", "summary", etc. and present to the user

	 - Translate XD mock-up to user testing flow

	 - Need to bring in someone from Kimberly's team

	 - DONE Ask Aditya / Matthew about Kimberly's team

- Inbox
	 - DONE Air freshner for car

	 - DONE Adobe exit notices #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W21 [[May 23rd, 2022]] [[May 24th, 2022]]
		 - DONE Team announcement
			 - 

		 - DONE 1-1s
			 - Pallav, Matthew, Tushark

		 - Close collaborators - BCC
			 - Hi XX, I want to share that I am leaving Adobe to pursue an external opportunity, and my last date will be 5/25. There will be an official announcement in the next day or two with more details on transition planning, but I just wanted to provide a heads up in advance. I've really enjoyed working with you, and I hope our paths cross again in future! 😊

		 - General email
			 - Goodbye (for now) Adobe!

			 - Tomorrow is my last day at Adobe, and I'd like to take this opportunity to say goodbye (for now) and thank you!

Adobe hired me as a fresh MBA graduate and helped me grow into a Senior Product Manager over the past three years. During this time Adobe also generously supported my pursuit of a part-time master's degree in computer science. For this amazing growth and learning, I'd like to thank everyone I've worked with at Adobe and especially my managers: Aditya Baul, Saurabh Mahapatra, Pari Sawant, and Rick Wisher.

I'd love to stay in touch with all of you, and I hope our paths cross again! 😊

Email: nikhil.maddirala@gmail.com 
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/nikhilmaddirala/

			 - BCC list
				 - grp-dc-release

				 - grp-aep-release

				 - grp-mba

- 1-1 w [[Kevin Gibbs]]
	 - Content strategy team
		 - Job is to align with regional demand teams to develop content - mostly within experience platform

		 - Support marketing teams with content development

		 - Content = display ads, TV ads, thought leadership, Adobe blog

- Meet w [[Rick Treitman]] and [[Tiffany Lee]]
	 - Discussed readability initiatives 

	 - Web
		 - DONE Demo of Chrome extension

		 - 

- 1-1 [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Newsletter

		 - Acrobat Web update

	 - Analytics - 

	 - Meredith update
		 - 

- Meet w [[Allen Ellison]] and [[Anand Taralika]] on DX React v1
	 - Prioritized some bugs - removed some, kept some

	 - 

- iOS priority order
	 - Personal and shared commenting: ship on iOS and Android

	 - Test redesigned auto-open prompt on iOS and Android to improve UX

	 - Expand LM eligibility criteria based on device locales (% TBD)

	 - Expand CoD eligible devices and reduce inference time by deploying Deci model on Android and iOS

	 - Ship dark mode for LM on iOS and Android

	 - Support 200+ page documents in LM

	 - Improved readability: reading rulers and adjustable fonts/themes

- 
