- Inbox
	 - DONE Leela improv sign-up - Monday / Thursday #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

- [[Linkedin]] PM Interview R2 - part 2
	 - 11:00 AM - 11:30 AM | BUILDS QUALITY PRODUCTS THAT MEMBERS AND CUSTOMERS WANT | [Albert Cui](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cuialbert)
		 - ((44af4146-a484-4e1c-8e51-8442410925ee))
			 - ((9757b160-4417-48bf-9450-58e700656e91))

			 - ((4e28a1fa-349b-4448-b38b-e7adc4af59b3))

			 - ((e06e80ae-84a1-4e84-bf67-b8c1b5c362bd))

			 - ((d086c7bf-d92b-4c41-9ddf-707f23a29262))

		 - Framework - Product design
			 - Q
				 - PM for product to help farmers in Nigeria.

			 - Intro - set up the framework

			 - Why / motivation and mission
				 - Clarifying questions: define key terms, who is building, constraints on timeline / budget / geography / etc.

				 - Company and mission is focused on this mission - to help farmers in Nigeria. 

				 - Mission: company -> product
					 - Meta: Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Our products empower more than 3 billion people around the world to share ideas, offer support and make a difference.

					 - Google: Organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful.

				 - Strategy: customers, products, competitors, company
					 - Google
						 - Products: Search advertising, YouTube, GCP, Work, Chrome, Android

						 - Customers: FBU / NBU, 

						 - Competitors: Amazon, Microsoft, Apple, Facebook

						 - Strategies: capture NBU, ecosystem of Google Work hardware and cloud 

					 - Meta

				 - List strategic goals: market entry / gain marketshare / acquire users / increase engagement / etc.

				 - Goal
					 - User acquisition

					 - 

			 - Who / users
				 - Stakeholders: Suppliers / consumers / partners / etc.

				 - Segment by goals, needs, features used, knowledge / sophistication / interest levels

				 - Types: Dairy farmers / rice farmers / crops

				 - Prioritize by segment size and the WHY

			 - What / user problems
				 - Problems, consequences, workarounds
					 - Selecting the right crop

					 - Finding the right time 

					 - Sowing the crop

					 - Finding the right fertilizers and nutrients

					 - Finding a source of water

					 - Debugging problems with crop yield

					 - Harvesting the crop

					 - Selling their crops - finding the right price, the right buyers

				 - Prioritize by problem importance and WHY

			 - What / solution ideas
				 - Moonshots: AI/ML/CV/NLP, AR/VR, metaverse, ambient computing, blockchain
					 - Crop selection analysis

					 - Seed quality analysis

					 - Nutrient selection analysis

					 - Debugging crop sympoms 

				 - Prioritize and summarize from why

			 - Crop selection - AI/ML

			 - End
				 - Risks and tradeoffs

				 - Summarize

		 - Qs for Interviewer
			 - Interaction with Standardization PMs
				 - 1 - need to collect data fields

				 - 2 - requirements fo fields

				 - Monetization is more important for standardization

			 - Career growth
				 - PM > Sr. PM > Principal / GPM

				 - Principal > Sr. Principal > ... > VP

			 - LI is very prodcut centric

		 - My feedback
			 - This interview went really well. I rate myself 4/5.

	 - 1:30 PM - 2:00 PM | TAKES INITIATIVE AND GETS STUFF DONE | [Lisa-Anne Chung](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lfchung/)
		 - ((44af4146-a484-4e1c-8e51-8442410925ee))
			 - ((9757b160-4417-48bf-9450-58e700656e91))

			 - ((4e28a1fa-349b-4448-b38b-e7adc4af59b3))

			 - ((e06e80ae-84a1-4e84-bf67-b8c1b5c362bd))

			 - ((d086c7bf-d92b-4c41-9ddf-707f23a29262))

		 - Intro to Lisa
			 - Linkedin Learning PM

		 - Test building a different subscription SKU
			 - Q
				 - Base and premium - build new thing in between

				 - Eng says it will take too long

			 - Hypothesis

		 - Promotion process
			 - Do you have the scope of responsibility?

			 - Do you have the impact to prove?

			 - Leadership - do you have the soft skills?

			 - Manager and VP sign off - then committe reviews

			 - Need 1.7 yrs in role before promotion

		 - LI - PM culture unique
			 - Less mature; need to figure things out on your own.

			 - Consensus driven culture;

			 - Cares about wlb, cares about you as a human

			 - Haven't learned as much about core PM skills

		 - My feedback
			 - This was between 4/5 to 5/5 - went really well, I think I aced it

- PM sync w [[Matthew Hardy]]
	 - I need to talk Aditya about Hugo not providing data

	 - Acrobat web
		 - Matthew needs MVP deck

		 - Need to choose preconverting vs. on-demand conversion

		 - Advantage of preconversion
			 - Faster, and easier to implement engineering

			 - Engineering work is almost done for preconversion

			 - Yash built this

		 - On demand
			 - All files already live on the cloud - so we can do server to server conversion

			 - Don't need to upload and download the file - will be faster

- [[ServiceNow]] hiring manager call w [[Claudiu Branzan]]
	 - Qs for Claudiu
		 - Tell me about your team and org structure

	 - Intro Claudiu
		 - Joined in October 2021

		 - Based in Seattle

		 - DS / ML engineer

		 - Leads AI platform team within emerging technology - focused on employee experience

	 - About the role
		 - Focus on empower employees / digital tech with AI capabilities

		 - Start with digital personal assistant

		 - Platform is meant for business users do classification modeling etc. without looking under the hood

		 - Want to build extra capabilities to enable app development on the platform

		 - Use cases for DPA
			 - Calendar management

			 - Nudge users to do trainings - can you reserver time on calendar

	 - Claudiu's team
		 - 3 Data scientists

		 - 3 developers - they understand the platform

	 - Return to office
		 - Remote vs. flexible vs. in-person

	 - Q - challenges I've faced as a PM
		 - Talked about

	 - Interview process
		 - R2 - 2 sessions with two of his colleagues (Caludiu's boss and another PM)

		 - R3 - Panel interview - present thoughts on what I will be doing - present to 3-4 people

- DONE Wedding planning #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]
	 - Options

	 - Westin
		 - No outdoor venues

		 - Sister property - Aloft - has outdoor event - not dinner

		 - Minimum - $5000+ expenditure - waives rental fee

		 - Visiting - come by on tomorrow Saturday 10-12p Bayshore; park on front circle drive - come in to hotel - across front desk is Bayshore - available between

		 - Room rate: 169-179 / night

	 - Spreadsheet columns
		 - What's included in the space rental?

		 - Customizable decor

		 - Timing

		 - Available on our date?

		 - Restrictions

	 - Event info
		 - Date: 22nd evening reception + dinner

		 - 23rd morning brunch - optional?

		 - Guest count: 75 - 100

		 - Event flow: cocktail reception, then dinner, then dancing
