- Inbox
	 - DONE Swap car lightning cable

	 - DONE Host poker night - Andy, Aaron, Greg #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Garage shelf

	 - DONE Multi vitamin pill and gummie

	 - DONE Recruiter replies [[April 12th, 2022]]

	 - DONE Watch Adobe productivity video #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]]
		 - [https://adobe-my.sharepoint.com/personal/ewalsh_adobe_com/_layouts/15/onedrive.aspx?id=%[…]onal%2Fewalsh%5Fadobe%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings&ga=1](https://adobe-my.sharepoint.com/personal/ewalsh_adobe_com/_layouts/15/onedrive.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fewalsh%5Fadobe%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FUC%20Berkeley%20Science%20of%20Productivity%20workshop%2D20220407%5F103320%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&parent=%2Fpersonal%2Fewalsh%5Fadobe%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings&ga=1)

- Call w [[Krupa Doshi]] on [[Facebook PM Interview]] recruiting
	 - Agenda
		 - Feedback from R1 - things I did well and things I could improve

		 - In case it doesn't work out - when can I try again?

	 - Product sense feedback - from R1 this year
		 - General feedback
			 - + Gave a solid answer with less prompting

			 - + Structured and concise communication

			 - - Could have gone more in-depth

		 - Identified mission
			 - + Laid out mission

		 - User segmentation
			 - + Rare to see ID and registration verifiers mentioned

			 - - Did not segment by jobs to be done

		 - Problem identification
			 - - Lacking depth

			 - - Lacking breadth: wait times, etc.

		 - Solution
			 - + Good solution and prioritization

			 - + MVP identification

			 - - Should be able to deep dive into solution without prompting 

	 - Execution feedback - from R1 this year
		 - General feedback
			 - + Strong all around

			 - + Got a lot of key nuances - controlling for FB population / absolute numbers vs percentage, etc.

			 - + Identified dual-sided issue

			 - + Came up with lots of metrics

			 - - Chose a weird metric to start with, but then caught myself

			 - - A bit slow to come to the metrics

		 - Product rationale

		 - Metrics

		 - Goal setting

		 - Trade-offs

	 - L&D advice (no feedback)
		 - Areas
			 - Introspection / sself 
				 - Strengths and weaknesses

				 - Failure

			 - Ownership

			 - Connection / collaboration - FOCUS / weak from last time

			 - Resilience and resourcefulness
				 - Stick to an idea and convinvce people

				 - Resourcefulness - being scrappy / getting things done with limited 

	 - When can I hear back
		 - Latest by Friday, 22nd

		 - Will try earlier in the week

	 - General
		 - Krupa really likes me and seems invested in my success; she really appreciates the effort I'm making to prep and my proactive outreach to seek her feedback, etc.

		 - DONE Sagar - reach out [[April 12th, 2022]]

- LM PM Eng Sync w [[Matthew Hardy]]
	 - I need to prioritize LM Acrobat work

- [[[[MBAs at Adobe - community conversations]]-2022]]

- [[Mock PM Interview]] w [[Ashok Pancily Poothiyot]]
	 - Intro

	 - Framework - Meta Product sense
		 - Q
			 - PM for Wikipedia

		 - Intro - set up the framework
			 - Let me first discuss how I'd like to approach this problem.

			 - WHY are we building this product? What's our mission and objective?

			 - WHO are we building this product for? Who are the target users?

			 - Then discuss WHAT are the user problems that we want this product to solve.

			 - Finally I'll discuss potential solutions for what to build.

			 - If there's more time at the end, we can discuss success metrics for this product.

		 - Clarify understanding
			 - Who is building the product and where?

			 - Clarify understanding of product / product space (e.g. what type of travel?)

			 - Constraints: platform / geography

		 - WHY are we building this product? What's our mission and objective?
			 - State company mission: Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. 

			 - __Connect product to company mission__
				 - **Empower people to create and consume knowledge.**

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Already many communities around XYZ

					 - Leveraging FB ecosystem will give us powerful data.

			 - __State product mission__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Sweetgreen: To inspire healthier communities by connecting people to real food.


					 - Workday: To put people at the center of enterprise software.

					 - Warby Parker: To offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses.

			 - __Set product objective__
				 - Engagement 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Adoption / engagement / retention / monetization

					 - Brings new users into the Meta ecosystem and gives existing users additional value from the ecosystem.

					 - Default: Engagement is the best measure of how much value our product is providing to users.

		 - WHO are we building this product for? Who are the target users?
			 - __Stakeholders: users / creators / businesses / suppliers / partners / vendors / regulators / govt / employees / etc.__
				 - Reviewers

				 - Content creators

				 - **Content consumers**

				 - Wikipedia employees - admins / 

				 - Community moderators

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Marketplace

			 - Prioritize stakeholders
				 - For the sake of time, prioritize user side - because a great user experience will ultimately benefit all other stakeholders of the product

			 - __User segments__
				 - Level of knowledge: expert vs. **beginner**

				 - Need: deep-dive vs casual browser

				 - Frequency: ad-hoc vs. **consistently**

				 - Type: professional vs. student

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Goals / needs

					 - Engagement level by feature

					 - Frequency

					 - With whom? solo / friends / family / classmates

					 - Level of knowledge / sophistication / interest / access / skill / coordination

					 - Demographics
						 - Life stage - student / young professional / family w kids / elderly

						 - Location

						 - Money

						 - Time

			 - Prioritize by mission, size, and impact - frame as large group with underserved need

		 - WHAT are the user problems faced by our target users?
			 - Recap so far: mission > who

			 - __List user journey steps__
				 - Identify topic of interest

				 - Find articles related to the topic

				 - Read / skim the article

				 - Follow link to other wikipedia articles

				 - Follow link to external references

				 - Take notes / make summaries for study

				 - Review notes and go back to articles

				 - --

				 - Ref: user journey
					 - Stages: before, during, after

					 - Two sides: creator / producer

			 - __List user needs and pain points__
				 - Absorb and reatining key information 

				 - Finding the right articles for a given top

				 - Finding the section 

				 - --

				 - Ref: pain points
					 - Takes too long

					 - Is frustrating

					 - Inefficient 

			 - Prioritize: frequency, severity (for user and mission), alternatives

		 - What / solution ideas
			 - __List solution ideas__ 
				 - Recommended articles based on browsing history

				 - Integration with social media platforms - top shared articles

				 - Chatbot / AI concierge to recommend 

				 - --

				 - Ref: FB ideas
					 - Wizard: user inputs + magic = results to solve problem

					 - Chatbot / AI concierge

					 - FB custom group 

					 - Social: connecting people, creating community, collaborating

				 - Ref: general Ideas
					 - AI/ML, AR/VR, metaverse, ambient computing

					 - Growth: Targeted reminders, gamification

				 - Ref: AR/VR
					 - AR in-home product experience

			 - Prioritize: effort, impact (what, who, why)

			 - __Risks and trade-offs__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Privacy / trust

					 - Competition

					 - Cannibalization

					 - Time to market

					 - Necessary partnerships

					 - Difficulty in technology

					 - Scaling risks

		 - Solution deep dive
			 - Entry point
				 - Home screen: recommendations for you

				 - Pop-up: recommended based on your browsing history

			 - Main steps and call to action
				 - Click through to the article

				 - Thumbs up vs thumbs down

			 - After
				 - Do they return to it

		 - Success metrics
			 - Explain mini-framework

			 - __List metrics: adoption / engagement / retention / monetization__
				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Adoption: Sign-ups / downloads

					 - Engagement: Daily usage / %

					 - Retention

					 - Monetization

					 - Guardrail metrics
						 - Ecosystem level metrics

			 - Prioritize metric: usually engagement %

			 - __Risks and trade-offs: incomplete picture / can't diagnose funnel stages / ecosystem health__
				 - 

		 - Closing
			 - Recap: mission > user > pain point > solution > metric

			 - Paint vision for future
				 - This is just the starting point - we just picked one use case and MVP solution.

				 - The mission is much broader.

	 - DONE Feedback
		 - + Time management and communicating structure

		 - - Too much time on user journey

		 - - Need one or two more creative solutions

		 - - Talk more about strategic context: talk about competition, competitive advantage

		 - - Keep tying back to mission

- [[Art and science PM Interview prep]] Execution interview
	 - Metrics framework
		 - Clarify
			 - Clarify product understanding

		 - Introduce structure - let me first discuss how I'd like to approach this question
			 - WHY did we build this product? What's our mission and objective? 

			 - User journey and various metrics we should monitor

			 - Prioritize the top 1-2 metrics and discuss some trade-offs involved

		 - WHY did we build this product? What's our mission and objective?
			 - State company mission: Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. 

			 - __Connect product to company mission__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Already many communities around XYZ

			 - __Connect product to company strategy__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Brings new users into the Meta ecosystem and gives existing users additional value from the ecosystem.

					 - Leveraging FB ecosystem will give us powerful data.

					 - Competition

					 - Industry trends

					 - Metaverse

			 - __State product mission__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - FB Stories (mock): Bring people closer together through daily moments.

					 - Sweetgreen: To inspire healthier communities by connecting people to real food.

					 - Workday: To put people at the center of enterprise software.

					 - Warby Parker: To offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses.

		 - User journey and various metrics we should monitor
			 - __Describe consumer journey__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Need recognition and information search

					 - Launching app

					 - Click on feature

					 - Engage with feature

					 - Share

					 - Come back

			 - __Describe creator journey__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref

			 - __List consumer metrics__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Adoption: num people using product
						 - Number of people using product / feature daily (e.g. num viewers / day)

						 - Website visits, app downloads, sign-ups

					 - Engagement
						 - Average number of engagements per user per day

						 - Percentage of people who meet engagement bar

					 - Retention
						 - % of people who engaged last week, who also engaged this week

					 - Monetization
						 - ARPU

						 - Conversion % - free to paid

					 - Performance
						 - Success rate / failure rate

						 - Speed: time to open story

						 - Uptime

			 - __List creator metrics__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref

			 - __List guardrail / umbrella metrics (if applicable)__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Total time spent in app / user / day

					 - Daily active users

		 - Prioritize the top 1-2 metrics and discuss some trade-offs involved
			 - __Prioritize metric__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Engagement > retention > adoption
						 - Engagement signals that the product is providing value to users and is leading indicator of retention

						 - Retention signals that people found value once, and loved it enough to come back

						 - Adoption: if we have engagement and retention, adoption is often a matter of awareness

					 - Consumer > creator
						 - Both sides are essential to the ecosystem, and ideally I would like to have one metric for each side.

						 - but if I have to choose just one I would choose consumption

						 - If the user experience for consumption is great, then creators will want to be part of the ecosystem.

			 - __Discuss metric downsides__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Doesn't tell you the full picture

					 - Doesn't tell you what is driving the metric

					 - Doesn't tell you health of ecosystem - need guardrail metrics

		 - Summarize
			 - Q > mission > metrics > prioritization > downsides

	 - Debugging framework
		 - __Clarify metric definition__
			 - 

			 - --

			 - Ref
				 - Define the metric

				 - scope

				 - time span

				 - edge cases

		 - __Exploratory data analysis to contextualize and isolate the key issue__
			 - 

			 - --

			 - Ref
				 - Contextualize metric
					 - All user journey stages leading up to this metric

				 - Narrow down and isolate the metric
					 - Platform: iOS / Android / mWeb / Desktop

					 - Device type: mobile / tablet / desktop

					 - Geo

				 - Time series
					 - Gradual vs. sudden change

		 - __Mid-point recap__

		 - __Hypothesize root causes__
			 - 

			 - --

			 - Ref
				 - Inventory (e.g. less stories being created)

				 - Relevance (e.g. stories are not as relevant)

				 - Product changes

				 - Competition (substitutes / cannibalization)

				 - Performance issues - crashes, slowdowns

				 - Analytics logging issues

		 - __Summarize__

	 - Tradeoff framework
		 - __Clarify question and identify as tradeoff__
			 - Qualitative: surveys and customer interviews

		 - Impact on customers
			 - __Quantitative: monitor key metrics__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Metrics for new functionality introduced (e.g. for payments)

					 - Metrics for other features (e.g. messages, calls)

					 - Umbrella metric that captures both of the above (e.g. time spent / app launches)

					 - Retention metrics

			 - __Qualitative: surveys and customer itnerviews__
				 - 

		 - __Impact on mission and strategy__
			 - 

			 - --

			 - Ref
				 - Mission

				 - Strategic considerations

				 - Risks
					 - Privacy

					 - Trust

					 - Security

					 - Regulation

		 - __Test and iterate__
			 - 

			 - Ref
				 - Set up A/B test

				 - Size: 1-5% test and control

				 - Duration: 2-4 weeks (longer if focus on retention)

		 - Recap
