- UX for commenting meet

- 1-1 w [[Rick Wisher]]
	 - Agenda
		 - My promotion and status

		 - What's my path to director at Adobe vs. Disney?

		 - Which role is a good fit for me?

	 - About Rick's team
		 - Rick was hired to lead ADK - partners can use this to replicate Disney+ on their own hardware; like a web browser that can render apps. Partner is responsible for integrating the web browsers. They can't change Disney's code, but they change their code.

		 - Looking for 100-200 partners; partner management; relaying info to engineering team

		 - Not traditional PM where you specify a roadmap (e.g. where you come up with more features)

		 - Disney specifies a list of partners to work with from commercial team; PM don't own this

		 - Something in between PM and TPM.

	 - ADK Role
		 - Not much scope to become manager in that role

	 - Building out "app experience team" / "app excellence"
		 - Currently has Media Product Management team: Vertical teams that do Hulu, ESPN, etc.

		 - No team that looks after app quality experience; did the release that we just put out make things better? Crashes, startup time.

		 - Rick wants to hire a Director to head this team

		 - Build tools to capture more data

		 - Need to create release criteria and robust processes

	 - 

- Elastic mode chat w [[Craig Scull]]
	 - Where does the hackweek fit into Craig's framework of document lifecycle?

	 - "Triage and read" is the main focus

	 - DONE Past work on summarization - talk to Carl Dockhorn #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]]

	 - Summarization
		 - Reduction vs summarization

		 - Semantic summarization: producing new content; like putting it in your own words

		 - News websites are trying to push summarization - look into how well it's working for them?

		 - Look into getAbstract / blinkist

		 - Interview users of these services

		 - Fake a solution - and see if people sign up for it; make a landing page - ask Randy about it - spend Ad money

	 - Navigation
		 - Producing table of contents

		 - Helps user navigate; people don't read documents beginning to end

	 - Other projects in related area
		 - Helping people consume for the purpose of content creation - like Evernote, etc.

- LM-iOS meeting w [[Juan Valle]], [[Samantha Nano]], [[Matthew Hardy]], etc.
	 - DONE Update auto-open wiki to clarify labels #[[LM-Mobile]] #2022-W6

- Liquid Mode Analytics Review w [[Susan Xu]]
	 - Overview of my dashboard

- 1-1 w [[Karim Isa]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Career progression at Adobe?

	 - DONE Invite Deepak as MBA speaker #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W6

- Birthday invite

- 
