- Lease questions
	 - "- Tenant may not cook or barbecue on any porch or balcony or within 15 feet of any building." We would like to barbecue in the backyard. Is that OK?

	 - "- No wax candles will be used on the property." We often use scented candles, but they're inside glass jars for safety. Is that OK?

	 - "- Tenant may not, without written consent of Landlord, drill holes or use nails, hooks, and screws on the property." We like to mount paintings and pictures on the walls to make the place feel like home for us. This typically requires drilling holes for nails, but these are small holes that are easily covered up afterwards. Is that OK?

- 1-1 [[Waqas Dhillon]]
	 - Signal loss - context
		 - We were getting some data on users - conversion signals - both onsite 1p and offsite 3p - we are losing some 3p data

		 - Q: how do we recover from this data loss in terms of ads ranking?

		 - main sources of signal loss: OBA and OTT

	 - Waqas project - Model simplification
		 - We have about 400 models

		 - Increase unification

- 1-1 [[Fan Yuan]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Join the meetings

		 - Volunteer for something

	 - OBA context
		 - OBA not new; these prompts have been there for many years; 

		 - OBA is a FAMILY of opt-outs rather than a single optout (e.g. opt-out on some apps / devices but not others - opt-out on mobile Safari but opt-in in FB app)

		 - OBA is more complex than ATT

	 - OBA impact
		 - Original interpretation: Stop using 3pd for ads personalization and targeting, but continue to use these features for labeling and reporting
			 - Mitigation plan: AAL

		 - New interpretation: Stop using 3pd even for labeling and reporting
			 - Mitigation: Need to clarify the definition first

	 - OBA mitigation M1
		 - M1 - milestone 1: https://fb.workplace.com/groups/Signalloss/permalink/817601815858005/

		 - User grain was problematic here

		 - Need to clarify definitions for M3 - no one knows where the line is, we need to drive alignment with pxfn

		 - DONE Talk to Mike Ericsson - owner for M1 and M3 launch; also David Kippel STO of OBA - lead for Ads data strategy

	 - 

- Denis lease end
	 - Hi Denis,

Hope you're doing well! I regret to inform you that we do not wish to continue renting 307 Catalpa St beyond the end of our current lease on July 31st 2022. 

We really enjoyed living here, and you were a great landlord to us, but we believe it's time for us to move to a larger place with more bedrooms. We have found a new place and will be moving out before the end of July. Please do let us know the next steps towards a smooth move-out process.

Also, I hope you don't mind, but I am sharing your contact information with my new landlord (Sunitha) who may wish to contact you for a reference check. Thanks again for everything, and we wish you all the best in your search for new tenants! Let us know if there's anything we can do to help.

Best,
Nikhil

- [[Therapy]] w [[Tucker Peck]] - w [[Rukma]]
	 - How to deal with NM guilt attacks - Tucker has a 3 step plan

	 - Couples therapy - June Lin <[hi@junelin.com]()>

	 - 
