- Inbox
	 - DONE Set up BTT shortcuts for interview windows #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] [[April 18th, 2022]]

	 - DONE Add PRD items to Gaurav list this week #[[LM-Mobile]] #2022-W17 [[April 25th, 2022]]

	 - DONE Car magsafe phone stand vacuum

	 - DONE Daily moisturizer

- Meeting w [[Susan Xu]] and [[Divya Gondwal]]
	 - Idea 1 - upsell paid features to heavy LM users
		 - This has high confidence to succeed

		 - Implementation options
			 - IAM to convey value of premium / trial
				 - IAM is not hardcoded into the app; it's a message with CTA / deeplink

				 - Channels for IAM: ESDK (legacy platform); new platform is Braze; going through transition right now.

				 - IAM campaigns may not be ready until August.

			 - Create custom UI
				 - We need to design and implement a custom UI

			 - Custom IAM implemented by our eng team - we can create our own UI

- Mock behavioral

- [[Facebook PM Interview]] R2 L&D
	 - Qs for interviewer
		 - General
			 - What made you want to work at X? Tell me a little bit about your career journey at X?

			 - What's your favorite and least favorite thing about working at X?

			 - How has your team adapted to remote work? And what do you think will happen in future?

		 - Meta
			 - What do you think about FB's transformation to Meta? And how does this impact you as the PM for X?

	 - Intros
		 - Keivan; PM for CDS team; core data science team; work with eng and research to partner with product teams at Meta - help them with innovative methodologies; mainly HPO - hyper-parameter-optimization

		 - About interview - set little bit of context, but focus more on what I did

		 - Will timebox questions - so may need to interrupt me and ask follow up questiono

	 - Interview notes
		 - Time my team wasn't working well together
			 - Data prep UI

		 - Project failed
			 - Acrobat Web project

		 - Someone in project team wasn't meeting expectation
			 - DONE Cecilia - iOS analytics story #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]]

		 - Project when I had to convince people to work on something not excited about
			 - Promos

		 - Very challenging feedback I had to give to someone
			 - DONE Akshi / Acrobat Web PM story #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]]

- [[Linkedin]] call w [[Lauren R]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Offer
			 - IF offer: Take a moment to think! $420k

			 - IF no offer: Can we try finding another time to interview?

	 - Decision
		 - Making an offer

	 - Timeline
		 - We need to decide in 4-5 business days

	 - Benefits
		 - 2 shutdowns - just like Adobe

		 - 1 friday a month - closed

		 - IN day - 1 day per month - volunteer day

		 - 2k / yr - wellness + travel

		 - Time off: unlimited PTO

		 - Better Microsoft 

	 - Remote vs in-person
		 - Sunnyvale vs SF

		 - Rob in Sunnyvale

		 - 

- 1-1 w [[Melissa Amaya]]
	 - Agenda
		 - If we wait ~1 month, I can speak more freely about interviewing for PM roles

- LM web value prop

- Meta inputs for recruiter for [[Facebook PM Interview]]
	 - Industry years of experience:
		 - 6

	 - PM years of Experience:
		 - 3

	 - What is your scope at Adobe? (i.e. features, product area, problem space, etc..)? What has been your impact?
		 - In my current role, I am the lead product manager (promoted from Product Manager to Senior Product Manager) for Liquid Mode in the Adobe Acrobat mobile app. I have grown our monthly usage from 25M to 75M+ PDFs per month (from 20M+ unique monthly users) by leading several initiatives such as auto-opening files in Liquid Mode, personalized in-app promos, and on-device ML to improve performance and speed. 

		 - In my previous role as Product Manager for Adobe Experience Platform, I discovered and launched a data preparation product SKU from zero to 30+ enterprise customers. I led this project end to end: discovered user problem; secured buy-in and resourcing from executive leadership; led product development with design and engineering; developed pricing, packaging, and launch plan with marketing.

	 - How large of a team did you lead at Adobe depending upon product/ project? A breakdown is helpful i.e. 5 engineers, 1 PD, 3 QA, etc
		 - In my current role as the product lead for Liquid Mode in the Adobe Acrobat mobile app, I lead a total of 22 engineers across 4 different teams:

		 - iOS mobile app eng team: 2 dev + 1 QE = 3

		 - Android mobile app eng team: 3 dev + 2 QE = 5

		 - Digital experience eng team: 5 dev + 3 QE = 8

		 - ML performance eng team: 4 dev + 2 QE = 6

		 - Note: In addition to the above, I am also collaborating with several other xfn engineering teams (and their respective PMs).

	 - Did you have direct reports? i.e. how many
		 - None

	 - How much involvement in leadership was required to drive progress?
		 - Leadership is involved once a quarter to provide approval on the quarterly plan where I present progress from the last quarter and share plans for the next quarter with asks for resource allocation.  

	 - How many different XFN groups were involved to launch your different products (i.e. PR, Legal, etc and rough team size):
		 - XFN partners for my current product:

		 - AI research team: 4-5

		 - Product marketing team: 3-4

		 - UX research team: 2

		 - Design team: 2

		 - Finance: 1-2

		 - Legal: 1-2 

	 - Have you contributed to the growth of others or other broader organizational projects/ programs at Adobe i.e. supporting recruiting?
		 - I am a leader of MBAs@Adobe, a community of 400+ active participants across Adobe. In this role, I launched a program called 1-1 connections to pair employees with each other for mentorship and professional development. This is a quarterly program with 50+ active participants.

	 - Internal references from Meta:
		 - Ashok Pancily Poothiyot (former teammate at Adobe)

		 - Brian Pong (former teammate at Adobe)

- DONE Add MBAs@Adobe leadership to resume #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]]
	 - In my role as a leader for MBAs@Adobe, a community of 400+ active participants across Adobe, I launched a program called 1-1 connections to pair employees with each other for mentorship and professional development. This program has 

- Interview w [[Rachel Liddell]]
	 - + Great candidate; did everything perfectly; 5/5 candidate

- DONE LI salary exp
	 - 
