- 1-1 w [[Wei Wu]]
	 - OBA plan and tracker - Model iteration

	 - Wei is going to post a summary

	 - Unstable AF OBA OC baseline S288213
		 - Makes trouble for measurement - because we don't know if gain is due to variance or real improvement

- 1-1 [[Lin Li]]
	 - OBA plan and tracker

	 - About Lin
		 - Meta for 6 years; Worked on other ML teams like Search and News Feed ranking; joined from Intern; Born in China

	 - About Lin's role
		 - ATT de-id feature selection - switching to a new pipeline with labels

		 - OBA mitigation - label mitigation techniques w Xiaoyuan - TSA technique - transfer learning technique

		 - Early Stage ranking - what are the opportunities for SL mitigation

	 - Early stage
		 - Need to identify dependencies between AF models and early stage models - does this have a big impact

		 - Still haven't gotten to the mitigation stage - focusing on understanding right now

	 - Challenges
		 - We are not the experts in multi-stage ranking team; need some connection in the MSR team

- Car Detail - Indy express
	 - Schedule
		 - Monday - 27

		 - Tues - holiday

		 - Wed - 16

		 - Thur - Offsite

		 - Fri - building 20 zone 1

- Core ML N00bs

- Inbox
	 - TODO Make Friday ritual #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - TODO Kowbird Oakland - fried chicken sandwich #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

- 1-1 [[Bowen Gong]]
	 - OBA review - help!

- 1-1 [[Marvin Kim]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Help w PSC?

		 - Signal gain - expand scope beyond PC?

	 - He is helping me w

- OBA Feature Mitigation Weekly Update w [[Shuai Liu]]

- Signal Gain for Ads Delivery: Kick-off 
	 - Intro
		 - We have kicked off PXFN and Inbound workstreams - but both are focused on PC products only; can we expand scope?

	 - Inbound analysis
		 - DONE Make two options for PC only inbound vs. broader scope

		 - 

- 1-1 w [[Sen Yuan]]

- 1-1 [[Hiral Parekh]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Learn about 3PD opt-in goals and how we can help

- 1-1 w [[Mike Erickson]]
	 - Agenda
		 - BH and manual audits are two types of surface control

		 - How does ADUF work?

		 - How does this impact OBA?

		 - How does this fit into tiered framework?

		 - Tactful Hammer?

	 - General
		 - He was on PTO - parents came to visit - in Fremont

	 - BH vs ADUF
		 - BH - Deny everything except allowlist; data gets on allowlist if it has ONLY first party data

		 - ADUF - Allow everything except denylist; each data source is manually tagged

	 - Background
		 - ADUF flags introduced several years ago - the system is not super well maintained

		 - Central privacy team feels ADUF flags is a risky approach; therefore decided to pursue BH; but revenue impact was super high - over 1%

		 - What is Tactful Hammer; Was initially proposed as an alternative, but didn't pursue it. Went with ADUF

		 - As a compromise central privacy did a manual deep audit - enumerate all data in scope and submit through privacy waves

		 - BH is fallback if ADUF flags aren't maintained well

	 - Long term
		 - We have close form systems by 2025; and then we don't need to do audits

	 - What if there's a gap in implementation?
		 - DONE Talk to Vidhi Kastuar - how to update control

	 - CDP goals
		 - Ads score goals - Arpit is responsible

		 - DS = SHuyan Li

	 - 
