- 1-1 w [[Ramasuri Narayanam]]
	 - His goals and expectations
		 - Use case related to product goals

		 - DONE Can he collaborate w DCDS team rather than working independently - because it doesn't fit into his primary directly

	 - R's primary
		 - Data quality analysis in DX - separating bot data vs real data

		 - Data quality - anomaly detection

		 - Working with Saurabh - causal analysis of campaigns etc.

	 - 

- [[MBAs at Adobe]] executive speaker interview with [[Deepak Bharadwaj]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Intro
			 - Nikhil Introduces Deepak
				 - We’re excited to host Deepak Bharadwaj, VP of Product Management for Document Cloud, for our next installment of the Executive Speaker Series. Deepak joined Adobe in September 2021, prior to which he was VP and GM for ServiceNow’s Employee Workflow products.

				 - Deepak is an experienced leader who has worked in dynamic startup-like environments as well as large-scale enterprise organizations. In addition to core product management leadership, he has experience across corporate strategy, GTM/field marketing, and hands-on engineering and development.

			 - Slido
				 - Please use this link to ask Deepak a question: https://app.sli.do/event/6J516WmHQSnLuTN8mFxeQf

			 - Q: Deepak - please introduce yourself in your own words. Share

		 - DONE Path to leadership, 1.05 - 1.15
			 - Transitions; circuitous path - did many different things

			 - Advice; "15 years from now I want to be head of Product"

		 - DONE Slido reminder!

		 - DONE Product management, 1.15 - 1.25

		 - DONE Reminder

		 - DONE Document Cloud, 1.25 - 1.30

		 - Job openings!

		 - Audience questions, 1.30 - 1.59

		 - Thank you and wrap up!

	 - Notes
		 - Career advice - eliminate things you're not interested in; have a career destination

		 - PM skills
			 - Customer centricity

			 - Sweat the details

			 - Always be paranoid

			 - Be the coach to inspire your team

	 - Hi Deepak — A big thank you on behalf of the MBAs@Adobe community! Thank you so much for taking time to share your perspectives on career development, product management, and Adobe Document Cloud with the community.

	 - 

- Call w [[Krupa Doshi]] for [[Facebook PM Interview]]
	 - Most candidates go through the interview process multiple times

	 - Fedback
		 - L&D was good

		 - Product sense and execution - both had weak signals

		 - Product sense
			 - Rambled a lot

			 - Did not prioritize

			 - Good at laying out multiple solutions

			 - Started on the wrong foot

		 - Execution
			 - Extremely weak

			 - Did not come up with metrics and trade-offs

	 - Availability
		 - M-F 9-5

- Inbox
	 - DONE Amazon returns #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W10 [[March 12th, 2022]]
		 - 
