- DONE Meta x Yale updates [[September 12th, 2022]]
	 - Questions for Brian
		 - Hi Brian! Just a couple of questions regarding the form:

	 - Happy Monday, Katie! As we discussed last time, I'm putting together a Meta x Yale MBA event (similar to your Stern event) on Nov 1st, and I just wanted to ask you a couple of questions based on your experience:

1. In the Global Event Registry, do you know which team to select as "team managing event"? Can I select "HR"?

2. How do I get someone from MBA Recruiting to participate? Mitchell has been pretty checked out TBH. Would appreciate any advice!

- Amazon - Shabnam note
	 - Hi Shabnam! Sagar and I created a 1-pager doc for this Thursday's meeting on Conversion Optimization for Amazon (link below). Could you please review and share your feedback (if any) by EOD tomorrow? Will share with the rest of the group after that. Thank you!

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1n3PGO-bB8Da04KH2CkUjR4WRNVikrB1sXFK21ccTjKE/edit?usp=sharing

- Amazon buy balance
	 - 59 + 266.31 + 124.63 = 

	 - 1z Y08 279 90 9133 1196

- 1-1 [[Tal Hayat]]
	 - DONE Calibration PM - send name to Tal

- 1-1 [[Marvin Kim]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Surface control mitigation pxfn - who is the right PPM / PXFN?

		 - OBA - how to get more proposals?

		 - Core ML PMM doc

		 - MPC-ML / PC4D - each person has their own doc - how to consolidate?

	 - 

- 1-1 [[Katie Glass]]
	 - How do we align on strategy for PCO?

	 - DONE Add GTM strategy for PCO to Core ML PMM asks

	 - DONE Core ML PMM needs doc - share with Katie

	 - age

- MPC-ML / PC4D meeting
	 - Are we targeting both pilots for H1?

	 - Definition of SG advertisers
		 - Advertisers who are currently not sharing any conversion data via AEM

	 - Is there just one pilot or two pilots?
		 - 
