- Call w [[Rozy CPA]]
	 - Reporting for foreign mutual funds - 

	 - My CPA reported as total mutual funds and here is the gain

	 - Need to do annual reporting - capital gain may need to be computed only from when I became a resident.

	 - If I'm in US for more than 180 days then I'm a resident

	 - 

- Podcast with [[Melissa Amaya]]
	 - Pre-interview discussion
		 - Will release them all at the same time

		 - End of summer

	 - Introductory questions:
		 - Who are you, where are you geographically?
			 - My name is Nikhil Maddirala, and I live in the San Francisco Bay Area in California.

		 - Where do you currently work and what is your current role?
			 - I work as a Product Manager at Meta (the company formerly known as Facebook). 

			 - I just started this week. Prior to that I spent 3 years as a Product Manager at Adobe.

		 - How long have you worked there?  (we’ll get into details later)

	 - Pre-tech Background:
		 - Tell us a bit about your professional background?  (walk us through your career path since undergrad.
			 - Philosophy / Logic
				 - I went to high school in India - in my hometown of Hyderabad, which is where I grew up.

				 - Then I came to the US to attend college at the University of Chicago.

				 - I majored in philosophy, but I was really interested in mathematics as well.

				 - The area of philosophy I specialized in is called logic - which tries to codify human knowledge and reasoning into a set of axioms and rules.

				 - My career goal at that time was to become an academic - a professor.

			 - Logic
				 - I went on to do a master of science in Logic at UvA - interdisciplinary between philosophy / math / CS / linguistics.

				 - Symbolic systems at Stanford - similar major

				 - Once you codify human knowledge and reasoning - teaching it to a computer is the logical next step.

				 - This was actually the early days of AI

				 - I wrote my master's thesis on two different approaches to linguistics - one is the logic based approach and the other is the computational or statistical approach - which later developed into Machine Learning.

			 - No academia
				 - The decision was driven partly by a disillusionment with academia as a career path and partly by a desire to explore new things.

			 - Consulting
				 - Got into management consulting
					 - I didn't have any real world marketable skills at that point.

					 - A good introduction to the business world.

					 - They value logical thinking and communication - The skill of being able to translate a client’s real world business problem into a tractable logical and hypothesis based structure is one of the core skills of a consultant.

			 - MBA
				 - Wanted to uplevel

				 - Up until then all of my education was very academic, I didn't have any "practical education".

				 - -- AT YALE --

				 - Yale allows you to take courses outside SOM

				 - I took a lot of elective coursework in Computer Science and Machine Learning.

				 - I was really captivated by the power of ML.

				 - That's when OpenAI released GPT-2 Generative Pre-trained Transformer 2 - which was able to generate paragraphs worth of text that looks like a human generated it. 

				 - There were a lot of advances in Computer Vision. I was hooked.

				 - I was convinced that this is the technology that's going to fundamentally transform the world.

		 - What was it that interested you about computer science and AI?

		 - What happened to help you zero in on that interest and move towards that career direction?

	 - Current Role:
		 - You just started as a PM at Meta, and prior to that you spent 3 years as a PM at Adobe. Can you describe your role in more detail? What does a Product Manager do?
			 - === DCAI ===

			 - I was a Senior Product Manager for the Adobe Acrobat Mobile application, and I lead our next generation of PDF viewing experiences which we call "Liquid Mode". 

			 - The main user problem we're trying to solve is that PDFs are very difficult to read on mobile devices because PDFs are typically designed for print or for large screens. Users need to pinch and zoom and move the PDF around to read on mobile - and that's a real pain in the neck!

			 - The solution we offer is an interactive and mobile-responsive PDF reading experience, and we deliver this experience by using ML to extract the structure and content from PDFs and converting it to a responsive HTML-style document.

			 - My key success metric is the monthly active usage of Liquid Mode, and I've significantly grown this metric by discovering, prioritizing and delivering key features such as on-device ML to improve conversion success and speed and the ability to automatically open files in LM to increase user engagement.

			 - I work cross-functionally with 4 eng teams - iOS, Android, DX, and ML performance teams - as well as Research, Design, UX, and Marketing.

			 - === AEP ===

			 - Prior to that I was a PM on Adobe Experience Platform, which is a customer data platform used by enterprise marketing teams to build business intelligence dashboards and predictive models. 

			 - The user problem I was solving over there was that marketing data scientists and data analysts had a hard time unifying and standardizing customer data from multiple sources.

			 - I was responsible for discovering this user problem and for launching a data preparation product that went from zero to over 30 enterprise customer by working cross-functionally with several teams across engineering, data-science, research, PMM and sales.

			 - I have a diverse set of PM experiences: zero to one product launch in the enterprise world, driving growth and user engagement in the consumer world.

		 - What does your day-to-day look like?
			 - Different parts of job
				 - Product discovery

				 - Product delivery

			 - Day to day
				 - Meetings
					 - Customers

					 - Engineers

					 - Design

					 - Marketing

					 - Leadership reviews

					 - XFN: 

				 - Individual work
					 - Preparing for meetings

					 - Updating roadmap

					 - Creating product requirements

		 - How has your role changed (if at all) during your 3 years at Adovbe? Walk us through what you’d done at Adobe since you first joined until now.
			 - x

		 - What are the most important traits of a good PM?
			 - Empathy / ability to build relationships
				 - Empathize with users and understand their problems?

				 - Can you empathize with engineers and understand their constraints?

			 - Communicate across different teams
				 - Having studied subjects as wide ranging as philosophy, business, and computer science, I'm very comfortable translating between different disciplines - tech and non texh 

				 - This makes me a good PM, because this translation skill makes me a central linchpin in cross-functional collaborations, because I'm the one that can translate between research, engineering, marketing, design, etc. It also enables me to communicate effectively with a diverse set of stakeholders who have different goals.

			 - Organization, structure
				 - Not as important if you have PgM / TPM

	 - Path to Product Management:
		 - You initially took the path of MBA to PM.  Is that the most common path?
			 - Two questions: 

			 - MBA outbound:
				 - Consulting / finance

				 - See employment report
					 - https://som.yale.edu/programs/mba/career-paths/employment-report

					 - https://www.hbs.edu/recruiting/employment-data/Pages/default.aspx

			 - PM inbound: 
				 - Two ways to PM: first career or second career

				 - First career: College > APM / RPM - very small

				 - Second career - from Eng / PMM / Design

				 - Or from MBA - Increasingly I am seeing it as more common

				 - VP PM of Photoshop at Adobe - said she really likes hiring MBAs because they have a very diverse toolkit

		 - What would it look like for someone to work as an Engineer for a time and then move to product management? Is that a possible path?
			 - pros/cons of that vs. going PM to start

		 - Interviewing:
			 - Walk us through what your interview process looked like as you were applying to Meta?
				 - Product sense
					 - Motivaiton and mission
						 - Higher level problem identification

					 - Target audience
						 - Can you think of all the different user segments?

						 - Can you prioritize the right one?

					 - Problem identificaiton
						 - User needs identified

					 - Solution and communication

				 - Execution
					 - Product rationale - 
						 - Motivation and mission

					 - Set goals
						 - Goal is different from metric

						 - Goal is adoption vs. engagement

					 - Measuring impact
						 - Think of all sides of market place and all stakeholders

						 - Come up with large set of metrics

					 - Trade-offs

				 - L&D
					 - Introspection: strengths and weaknesses; e.g. when were you aware of a problem but not able to resolve it? tell me about a time you failed?
						 - CA Rejection

					 - Ownership: resolving conflicts and preventing failures; e.g. when your team wasn't working well and you overcame that challenge? e.g. when you resolved a conflict.
						 - Deloitte STEP

					 - Empathy: adjusting leadership and collaboration style to different situations and personalities; e.g. you wanted to build a product but eng was not up to it, how did you influence them.

					 - Grit and scrappiness: e.g. you had an idea that was not on the roadmap, how did you convince leadership?
						 - Cost model story

						 - Less resources but got things done

			 - Did you apply anywhere else?  Was the interview process similar?

			 - What advice do you have for people who are interviewing for PM roles?

			 - You’ve been through the PM interview process a few times now, In that interview setting, what warnings would you have for job hunters? What pitfalls should people seek to avoid?

			 - For a Junior level PM candidate, from your experience, what is a company looking for?

			 - What would make that candidate stand out?

	 - PM Career Trajectory:
		 - With Engineering, I think most people are familiar with leveling.  Each level has salary bands, and with each new level comes increased pay.  Does it work the same for PM’s?
			 - https://www.levels.fyi/?compare=Google,Microsoft,LinkedIn,Facebook&track=Product%20Manager

		 - Are you comfortable sharing salary numbers with us over your time at Adobe?  What level did you start at, and what was the compensation at that level?

		 - How has that progress, both in level/title and compensation, over time?

	 - Product vs Program Manager
		 - There is a lot of confusion around these two titles.  Can you enlighten us a bit on the difference between product management and program management?

	 - Closing Questions
		 - What makes for a great PM?

		 - Thinking back to when you were first interviewing, do you have any advice for handling interview nerves?
			 - Practice, practice, practice

		 - Worst work mistake you’ve made?
			 - Meta interview - blunder

		 - Something you wish you knew when you started your career?
			 - Take more ownership

		 - What advice do you have for someone wanting to become a Product Manager?
			 - Getting the first PM job is the hardestch

		 - Most interesting non-tech fact about you?
			 - I love science fiction, fantasy, and mythology.

			 - When I was a kid my favorite stories were from the Mahabharata and the Ramayana - which are two Indian epics like Iliad / Odyssey.

		 - Where can people follow you online?
			 - LinkedIn

- 1-1 w [[Sagar Pilania]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Onboarding
			 - Which onboarding items should I start with if I have free time before / during PM camp?

			 - Can I have an onboarding buddy / guide for simple questions?

		 - Logistics
			 - Monitor and accessories - can I order on enterprise store or do I need to use my remote work startup fund? What are the general guidelines for e-store / buy@ / etc.?

			 - When is a good time for me to visit the office?

	 - Onboarding
		 - DONE Biz camp - on demand #[[Work-onboarding]]

		 - 

- 1-1 w [[Marvin Kim]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Intro

		 - Suggestions for PM camp

	 - Workplace groups
		 - Shitposting

		 - Compensation

		 - 
