- Inbox
	 - DONE PRD follow ups 
		 - DONE Change deci line itme - to say reduce cogs and reduce cancelations
			 - Improve speed, reduce COGS, and reduce user cancelations by deploying Deci model on Android and iOS

		 - DONE Reword DTM item to lead with impact and goal

		 - DONE reword - Shared links that include commenting for mobile browser (high level - LM for browsers)

	 - DONE Pull analytics for 200+ pages #[[LM-Mobile]] #2022-W17 [[April 25th, 2022]]

	 - DONE LM COGS projections #[[LM-misc]] #2022-W18

	 - DONE Message Krupa [[April 25th, 2022]]
		 - Good morning Krupa, hope you had a nice weekend! Just wondering when I can expect your update today? Thanks!

		 - I'm so happy to hear this awesome news Krupa! 🥳 

		 - Sorry, I'm in back to back calls this afternoon until about 4:15pm. Can we talk at 4:15 or anytime after that?

		 - Would you be able to share initial offer details today?

	 - DONE Reschedule bay area disc appointment

	 - Plan Adobe departure
		 - Make de-boarding doc
			 - Project status and next steps

		 - Send email to stakeholders

		 - 1-1s
			 - Matthew

			 - Pallav

			 - Laurie

			 - 

- LM-Android w [[Tushark Bansal]], [[Pallav Vyas]], [[Hugo Pelland]]
	 - Deci

	 - DTM validation
		 - Server API planned in Q2 - but deployment planned in Q3

		 - No bandwidth for full testing - spot testing is possible, we can generate the build and server team can do their own testing

		 - Tushark will follow up w Neha

	 - Common init
		 - Lot of crashes which take lot of time to debug / reproduce; lot of them would go away with common init - saw this benefit on iOS

		 - Second benefit is performance improvements for W2

	 - DONE Sync w Steven on interaction between new AOpen promo and DQ study

- 1-1 [[Meredith Wade]]
	 - DONE Analytics tutorial

- 1-1 w [[Jill Verhaeghe]]
	 - Not going forward at this time

- Hossam
	 - Hi Hossam! Just heard from my recruiter that I got through the hiring committee! I'm connecting with her tomorrow morning, but she says she might need another day or two to get me the offer. Any tips on negotiation? I have a really strong competing offer from Linkedin (but I'd rather join Meta). I'm thinking of just sharing my LinkedIn offer details with her tomorrow morning and telling her that if she can match it then I'll sign. Also, if you can spare 10-15 mins for a quick call today evening for some advice on this, I'd really appreciate it!
