- Inbox
	 - DONE buy hand sanitizers #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Gloomhaven - board game like d&d

	 - DONE Reddit lfg to find d and d groups

	 - DONE Cooler - costco or Amazon #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Mouth wash 2x and small travel size

	 - DONE Paper cups or coffee mug #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Muir Woods beach

	 - DONE Davenport beach Pooja

	 - DONE Yosemite trip to weekend trips list Asana

	 - DONE Poo pourri

	 - DONE Magsafe night stand

	 - DONE Amrita shared tasks

	 - DONE May 21, 1-4p opening party for SFDC

	 - DONE SFDC large donate!

	 - DONE Tea bags Costco

- [[micro-journal]] on Adobe to Meta transition plans
	 - I'm having trouble coming to a decision on when I should leave Adobe and Join Meta.

	 - Initially I wanted to take a break of one week. Still that's roughly the plan - to take a break of about one week. Actually now it's one and a half weeks.

	 - I think I'm just wondering if it's worth all the money it's going to cost me. It's going to cost roughly $10k to take one and half weeks off. Is that worth it? Is this even the right framework to think about this problem in? I'm not actually paying this money. It's the opportunity cost of lost income. Is it worth paying thousands of dollars in this opportunity cost to take time off?

	 - Am I becoming too married to this idea of me as a primarily money making entity in life that I'm unable to see other benefits of life. What could I do with one and half weeks off? I could travel, I could see other people whom I want to see. Maybe I should make that my goal. Try to travel and renew some relationships. If I actually did that, it would be a super worth-while investment to make. I'm doing good on family, but it's worth trying to renew some friendship relationships. Maybe catch up with some folks in LA.

	 - We can afford it right. This is exactly the trap that I DON"T want to get into. Having these golden handcuffs trapping me from taking time off. If anything I should consider taking more time off. I know that that is the healthy decision. The part of me that is telling me that I should just work continuously and not take any time off is not the part of me that I want to nurture. I do want to take this time off and do something. Travel. Rest. Recharge. Catch up with some other people / renew relationships. Maybe I could look into attending Duque's wedding? OK. That all can come later. For now, I think I've convinced myself that I need to take more time off. That's a great start!

- 1-1 w [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - End date

		 - Communication plan - when to start telling whom

	 - DONE Start deck on LM for web browsers

- 1-1 w [[Pallav Vyas]]
	 - Pallav's roommate - [[Anuj Kumar]] - director of ML / FB AI research lab - core NLP technologies

	 - Things to do while Pallav is gone
		 - Sign-off for Deci model

		 - Intern start on Pallav team - baby FFD

		 - 
