- [[Mock PM Interview]] with [[Rajesh Bikky]]
	 - Nikhil interviews Rajesh
		 - Initial questions
			 - Is it an app for kids?

		 - Who?
			 - < 16

			 - Two buckets: Under 8 vs.Under 16

			 - Start

		 - User needs
			 - Kids + parents: Need to get around

			 - Need to think about safety and reliability

			 - Needs to be economical

		 - Solutions
			 - Book on app - kids

			 - Book on app - parents

			 - Book by phone

		 - Deep dive into solution for kids
			 - Dual app for 

		 - Feedback
			 - Initial questions
				 - You need to ask about goals - but you asked about specific implementation options

			 - Users
				 - Start with 10-16 + parents / also started with drivers - great

				 - Drivers - analogy to Amazon Key was great

			 - Needs
				 - F: Focus on one side of the market

			 - Overall feedback
				 - Did not use your share screen properly

			 - Solutions
				 - Did not address the needs - safety and reliability 

	 - Rajesh interviews Nikhil
		 - Q
			 - Should iRobot enter SmartHomes?

		 - What is iRobot?
			 - Robot vacuums, mopping, smart mower

			 - They are standalone products - but not integrated

		 - Whiteboard
			 - Smart-home space
				 - Users need a hub and spokes

				 - Hub and spokes need integration

			 - Customers
				 - Already like the products

			 - Company

			 - Expanding product lines
				 - Cleaning products
					 - Vacuum

					 - Mop

				 - Appliances
					 - Washing machine

					 - Dryer

				 - Lights

				 - Garage door
					 - Sprinklers - garage care

		 - Feedback
			 - Did not check in with interviewer at points of the framework

			 - Make a choice

- Recruiter chat w [[Michelle Wong]] from [[Photomath]]
	 - About Photomath
		 - Scan math problem and walk through it step by step

		 - OCR - scan the math problem and solve

		 - But cannot translate word problems etc into math problems

	 - Role
		 - Problem database - work on word problems; library of most asked questions

		 - Want to use AI to group word problems into common questions

		 - Work with engineering team and marketplace team

	 - Team
		 - Core PMs vs. Growth PM

		 - Core PM doesn't have a head yet

		 - 2 growth PMs + 3 core PMs

	 - Intro about Nikhil

	 - Career develoment
		 - IC track vs. management track - give mentorship opportunities early

	 - Interview process
		 - Behavioral interview w Michelle

		 - Alex Kamath - core PM for AI tutorials

		 - Marcomia - founder / chief architect

		 - Executive - CEO + Chief growth officer - take home assignment

	 - Behavioral Q 1: Lot of opposing perspectives
		 - Android: CoD vs. DTM - align on the metric

		 - Me vs. PM leaders on promos

		 - Me vs Design on promos

	 - Q2: How to build consensus 

	 - Logisticas
		 - Hybrid vs remote - Hybrid

		 - 

- 1-1 w [[Bradshaw Rovens]]
	 - DONE 1-1 connections tasks #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W17

- [[Linkedin]] R1 interview w [[Rob Zare]]
	 - About Rob
		 - Current role
			 - Leads data platform and data applications

			 - Layers of stack - from low level to high level
				 - Infra - no PM work

				 - Data management and tooling - metadata, analytics, visualizations, experimentation platform

				 - Knowledge graph 

				 - Integration platform for partners - starting with 1st party (LI) then 2nd party (MSFT) and then 3rd party; Exposes APIs, has extensebility hooks, etc.

		 - Prior to this role - Tableau data platform

		 - Has multiple roles open
			 - Knowledge graph / SMD

	 - About me
		 - Quick overview

	 - Product Q
		 - Context
			 - Internal graph database

			 - Deals with high volume of arbitrarily complex queries

			 - Could be a compelling external offering - e.g. as Azure offering

		 - Should we externalize?
			 - Benefit
				 - Who are the customers?

				 - Can we win in this market?

			 - Competition
				 - What else is out there?

			 - Cost
				 - How much extra work?

			 - Capability

	 - Qs for Rob
		 - What's the interview process?

		 - Who are the key stakeholders?
			 - Everyone uses our knowledge graph

		 - What are metrics
			 - Entity level

			 - Intrinsic metrics: freshness, completeness, etc.

		 - What are his goals?
			 - Lot of PM role seems like project management; separate TPM vs PM

			 - Externalizing product through Azure

		 - 

- Inbox
	 - DONE Better lumbar support

	 - DONE Eye drops

- [[Adobe Mentorship]] call w [[Bharath Sithian]]
	 - Don't look for Series A / B / C startups - too focused on growth

	 - Series D / E onwards is more mature companies / pre IPO

	 - Look for non first time foundres

- Upload workout
	 - Hi Matt! I made a video of my lifts from today so it's easier for you to review. No need to watch the entire thing - you can click the timestamps in the description and just look at a couple of sets. Only potential issue I noticed is that I'm slightly rounding my pelvic at the bottom of my squats (barbell squats and goblet squats). Everything else seems fine to me. Also, the lifting is not specifically triggering my pain.

	 - --

	 - Title: My lower body and back lifts, 2022-03-18

	 - --

	 - 0:00 Deadlift set 0: 45 lb x 8 reps (warm-up)

	 - 0:55 Deadlift set 0: 95 lb x 8 reps (warm-up)

	 - 1:50 Deadlift set 1: 135 lb x 5 reps

	 - 2:49 Deadlift set 2: 135 lb x 5 reps

	 - 3:26 Deadlift set 3: 135 lb x 5 reps

	 - 4:07 Barbell squat set 0: 45 lb x 8 reps

	 - 4:44 Barbell squat set 1: 95 lbs x 10 reps

	 - 5:45 Barbell squat set 2: 95 lbs x 10 reps

	 - 6:53 Barbell squat set 3: 95 lbs x 10 reps

	 - 8:01 Barbell row set 1: 75 lbs x 10 reps

	 - 8:41 Barbell row set 2: 75 lbs x 10 reps

	 - 9:21 Barbell row set 3: 75 lbs x 10 reps

	 - 9:59 Goblet squat set 1: 35 lbs x 10 reps

	 - 10:49 Goblet squat set 2: 35 lbs x 10 reps
