- Inbox
	 - DONE Employee self reflection #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W14
		 - Q1 - what went well
			 - LM for Acrobat Mobile
				 - LM-Android CoD and provisional conversion: successfully drove roll-outs to 100% for waves 1 and 2.

				 - LM-iOS auto-open: successfully drove roll-out to 100% for wave 1.

			 - LM proliferation and innovation
				 - Adobe Research: Built collaborative relationships with researchers through the document consumption summit, LM navigator project, and LM promo personalization project.

				 - LM business value: developed and presented hypotheses on LM business value to key stakeholders and secured buy-in for deep dive with GTM analytics team.

		 - Q1 - what could have gone better?
			 - Struggled to get alignment with Acrobat Web PM team (prioritization) and Acrobat Mobile PM team (planning process, modernization plans, etc.). 

			 - Spent too much of my time on data analytics for reporting, debugging, and onboarding new teams.

			 - Struggled to communicate the value of LM team work to larger stakeholders beyond DCAI.

		 - Q2 focus
			 - LM for Acrobat Mobile
				 - Investigate expanding LM eligible device languages to increase MAU absolute numbers

				 - LM-Android: drive roll-outs to 100% for auto-open on CoD and provisional conversion for server

				 - Finish phase 1 of auto-open expansion on Android and iOS and align with design and mobile team on phase 2 redesign and expansion.

				 - LM-iOS DTM: drive roll-out of DTM on iOS (together with DTM PMs).

				 - Personal commenting: drive completion of PoC with design and DX teams.

				 - LM promo personalization alpha: provide guidance on LM data and analytics.

				 - Viewer modernization: implementation and testing of new eVar; alignment on expansion plan for LM.

				 - DX React: drive completion of v1.

				 - RTB for LM-Android, LM-iOS, and DX teams: metrics and KPIs reporting, monitoring roll-outs, backlog grooming, investigating bugs, etc.

			 - LM proliferation and innovation
				 - LM for Acrobat Web: Align with key stakeholders on use cases and architecture

				 - LM business value: develop plan for experimentation with GTM analytics team; continue analysis with DCDS team. 

				 - Research: drive experience research and design mock-ups on summarization.

			 - Mentoring
				 - Onboarding mentor for LM new hires.

				 - Tutorial on LM data and analytics for LM new hires and broader org.

		 - What is one thing your manager or Adobe can do to best support you?  
			 - Help drive better alignment with Acrobat PM team.

			 - Help me find opportunities for mentorship.

			 - Help me get broader visibility for LM team accomplishments.

- LM - Android sync w [[Tushark Bansal]]
	 - auto-open + CoD
		 - Cannot change the target set-up in the middle of an experiment due to 

		 - DONE Confirm roll-out plan and expected absolute number of conversions

		 - DONE Revise auto-open label logic

		 - DONE Set up meeting on Android bugs

		 - DONE Share monitoring dashboards

- DONE MBAs@Adobe: Transition to PM #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]]
	 - Vision
		 - Help MBAs@Adobe transition into their first PM role at Adobe

	 - Who is this program for 
		 - Anyone from the MBAs@Adobe community who wants to transition to a PM role at Adobe

		 - Targeting PM roles at the P30/P40 level

		 - Selective admission - numbers will be limited based on availability of PM mentors.

	 - How does the program work?
		 - 10 week long cohort based program with the following components:

		 - PM mentorship
			 - You will be assigned a PM mentor with whom you will have bi-weekly 30 minute 1-1s for the duration of the program (total 5 calls)

			 - These are fellow MBAs@Adobe who are volunteering to participate in this program as mentors

		 - Content / curriculum
			 - We will maintain a curated list of resources to help with preparation and a suggested curriculum / action plan.

		 - Community
			 - Private Slack channel

			 - Bi-weekly community calls - accountability, share learnings, etc.

		 - Database of roles and candidates
			 - We will maintain a spreadsheet for actively hiring PM roles.

			 - Whenever PMs in MBAs@Adobe have suitable roles opening up on their teams, they can share with us.

			 - All aspiring PMs will get a notification.

	 - Notes
		 - Discreet: Participation must be discreet. Most people are not comfortable publicizing that they are looking for a new role. Need to emphasize this.

- Analytics
	 - Don't want: (domain = Adobe) or (cohort = Adobe)

	 - Want: (domain != Adobe) AND (cohort != adobe)

- [[Mock PM Interview]] w [[Karim Isa]]
	 - Karim interviews Nikhil
		 - Whiteboard
			 - Start 15:42

			 - Q: Uber for kids
				 - PM at Uber

			 - Why
				 - Strategic Uber: Connecting riders with drivers. Enablings 

				 - Transportion for kids

				 - Increase revenue

			 - Who
				 - Drivers

				 - Kids

				 - Parents
					 - Regular users

					 - Ad-hoc users

					 - Middle segment

					 - Elements

					 - Below elementary level

			 - User needs
				 - Get to swim class and back
					 - Book a ride

					 - Verify trust and safety

					 - Get notifications and tracking

					 - Get confirmation of ride

					 - Book a ride remotely

			 - Safety and verification feature
				 - Reviews
					 - User reviews
						 - Kid review

						 - Parent review

					 - Endorsements from trusted organizations

					 - Endorsements from destination

				 - Tie-ups / partnerships
					 - School partnership

					 - Gym class

				 - Ride history - trends

				 - Live tracking of ride

				 - Emergency services contact

				 - Three way communication in app

		 - DONE Feedback #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]] #2022-W11
			 - 4 out of 5 stars

			 - User needs
				 - Didn't talk about the consequence of the user needs

				 - Picked the right

			 - Product ideas
				 - Have a moonshot

	 - Nikhil interviews Karim
		 - Q
			 - Travel for FB

		 - Users
			 - Travel w friends

			 - Events - travel for events

			 - Corporate travel

		 - Needs
			 - Book hotel and flights

			 - Ride sharing

			 - Communicating about the booking

		 - Solutions
			 - Auto-creating conversations

			 - Sharing documents

			 - Concierge chat bot

		 - Feedback
			 - Users
				 - Didn't consider multiple sides of market

				 - Why didn't you consider travel to visit friends and family - 

			 - User needs
				 - Good job!

			 - Solutions
				 - Good

			 - UX
				 - Didn't take a minute to think through it

			 - Metrics
				 - Didn't take a minute

			 - 

- Therapy w [[Tucker Peck]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Purpose and meaning of life - focusing more on community - birthday party, etc.

		 - Grumpy moods often - don't know what I want - cereal at store, ice cream line, etc.

		 - Conflicts w Rukma - how clean the kitchen should be, etc.

	 - Community
		 - White America don't have that sense much of community; not the default in US culture

		 - Rukma and I find this important now - 

		 - Spiritual organizations are often a good fit

		 - DONE Community building: #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]] #2022-W12
			 - Approach 1: Explore organizations to be part of - Ananda, SF Dharma society, etc.

			 - Approach 2: Build existing friend groups into community

	 - OCPD issues - conflicts with Rukma about cleanliness
		 - Two motivations: one is reasonable (I want a tidier house); second is unreasonable (I want Rukma to have the same preferences as me)

		 - Next two weeks: don't talk to Rukma about tidiness at all; silently fix issues and do gratitude practice

	 - OCPD - getting grumpy
		 - Grumpiness comes from trying to control things we can't control.

		 - Pause

	 - DONE List therapy practices - life practices to be doing #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W12
		 - Randomizing small decisions

		 - Grumpiness - recognize what I'm trying to control and stop trying to control it (grumpiness itself maybe)

	 - DONE Next Monday - Meditate with tucker at SFDC

- Therapy w [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Interview prep - can't confidently choose / uncomfortable with uncertainty 

	 - Focus going forward
		 - Should we focus on some recurring themes? Or should we just focus on what's top of mind?

		 - In J's approach, each session is a discrete entity

		 - DONE Paper on how to do good therapy sessions: Wilfred Bion: Memory and Desire

		 - No matter where the client starts, we'll usually go back to the same issues - doesn't matter where we start

		 - Don't need to create continuity between sessions

	 - I am avoidant of conflict
		 - According to J, I tend to minimize problems in my life and think they're not a big deal

		 - Prematurely looking for solutions

	 - Problem with interviews - nervousness and discomfort with anxiety
		 - Tips
			 - Don't be desperate - there's not much at stake

		 - 

- DONE Set up group video calls w Ram mummy / prem mummy #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

- 
