- LM Meet w [[Gaurav Singh]], [[Divya Gondwal]]
	 - Two key metrics: engagement and retention

	 - Engagement
		 - Retention is the key metric - 1-month, 6-month, and 12-month

		 - Aha metris are proxies for retention - but we can directly check retention

	 - Monetization
		 - ARR - Subscription bought - upsell

	 - Other metrics - potential
		 - LTV

	 - DONE Create doc on LM business value study - share with Christina, Brandy, Gaurav's team

	 - Make sure back end 

- LM Android Sync w [[Tushark Bansal]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Experiments - W2 devices bug

		 - Design - DTM

	 - Notes
		 - DONE Android - get sign off from server team for both rollouts

		 - Bug fix for W2 - 

- iOS analytics meet w [[Cecelia Wang]]
	 - We used to log convWasAutoOpen at pipeline start; but now we log this at qualifier completion

	 - Issues

	 - Get hadoop data
		 - Get iOS data with LM Icon taps to debug

- Navigator meeting w [[Matthew Hardy]], [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Can we get UX research support?

	 - Aditya's perspective
		 - Which one of these is an ingredient that we can leverage to the next big thing for LM?

		 - Can we identify high value document types that would be of interest to Sign, Acrobat, etc.

		 - Try to be form-factor agnostic - think beyond mobile and go to large screens

	 - Key priorities
		 - Large screen value

		 - High frequency pain point

	 - Next steps
		 - Let them know that we don't have an answer. PM is resource constrained.

		 - Until then, what can they do? Find a common element that's useful for anything.

		 - Ask them to share under the hood - what's the overlap

- Call w [[Mike Monroe]] - recruiter from [[ServiceNow]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Leveling

		 - Process

	 - Team and role
		 - CIO org is called digital technology group. Has several pillars
			 - Emerging technologies - incubator

			 - Hiring manager - former consultant; responsible for building out AI platform - Claudio

			 - Broad scope of leveraging AI to build solutions for the business

			 - Research to customer interviews to strategy / vision

		 - Roadmap - three pillars
			 - Personalization - 

			 - Digital personal assistants - enhancement to existing chatbot - calendar management / password resets

			 - Platform AI capability - build AI components and infra

	 - Interview process
		 - R1 - HM - 45m call

		 - R2 - Panel - technical + PM

		 - R3 - SVP call -

		 - R4 - 

	 - Leveling
		 - PM

		 - Sr PM / Sr Staff

- 1-1 w [[Marvin Kim]] for [[Mock PM Interview]] for [[Facebook PM Interview]]
	 - Product sense
		 - Why? Start with mission and motivation
			 - E.g. create a travel product

			 - Motivation / mission: connect to overall mission - when you travel, you create community around the world / helps you get stronger to 

			 - Mission: build community through travel

			 - Every next stage of the interview should tie back to mission

			 - Goals and metrics - don't focus too much on this - this is for execution interview

		 - Who
			 - Define several user groups

			 - Narrow down to 1 - based on mission

		 - What: Problems
			 - List several problems across user journey 

			 - Narrow down to 1 - based on mission

		 - What: Solutions
			 - List several solutions and implementation

			 - Narrow down to 1

		 - General tips
			 - Talk about what we would ideally do, but go on intuition

			 - Drive the interview - don't say "what do you think?"

	 - Execution interview
		 - Start with goal and mission.

- DONE Feedback for [[Ani Nenkova]] #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W13 [[March 31st, 2022]]
	 - Hi Nikhil, we worked closely on organizing the mini-summit session on document consumption and now on the follow up activities.

	 - Q: It will be very useful to get some feedback on how you perceive my engagement in the organization of these helped beyond what the research team from Bangalore typically does. What are the aspects of my activities that you find most useful?
		 - It's great that you are proactively setting up and driving collaborations between research, engineering, and PM - this makes my life easier! :) 

		 - It's great that you are contributing to leveraging Liquid Mode data for analysis - e.g. personalization project, analysis of reviews, etc. This will add a lot of value to the business.

	 - Q: What is one thing I could do differently, and what impact would it have?
		 - We discussed some great ideas at the mini-summit (e.g. collaborative alpha process and committee), but didn't follow up with a concrete process and action plan to take this forward. Of course, this is a shared responsibility between all stakeholders (including me)! :) 

- [[Mock PM Interview]] w [[Karim Isa]]
	 - Nikhil interviews Karim
		 - Feedback
			 - Strategy part - didn't consider new market

			 - RICE is not cost and effect

		 - Market opportunities
			 - Shift to consumer market - low

			 - Adjacent appliances in office - high

			 - Doubling down - modernize / improve  - medium

		 - User needs
			 - Training / maintenance /  ordering

		 - Solutions
			 - Microwave

			 - Dishwasher

			 - Water cooler

		 - Features of water cooler
			 - Hygenic

			 - Easy to replace

			 - Self stopping

	 - Note to self
		 - Don't ask difficult questions; just as simple product design question

- Inbox
	 - DONE Oven thermometer #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Dishwasher pods Costco

	 - DONE Matt agenda - can’t squat. Can’t sit in car. What to look for in pt.

	 - DONE Dumbel set for home.

	 - DONE Massage gun and foam rolling to schedule.
		 - https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08MLB2B4H/ref=cm_sw_r_oth_api_glt_i_ZJNET1FNYEVSRHGVR6DX

	 - DONE Amazon return joggers and gravity boots. #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W15

	 - DONE Rinse aid

	 - DONE Ergonomic pillow #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]] #2022-W14
		 - https://www.amazon.com/dp/B079FK5QKD/ref=cm_sw_r_oth_api_glt_i_8WWR22G3MS2Y237TCRJX

	 - DONE Date night idea: VR arcade https://www.theherohangout.com/ #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Swan lake tix #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

- [[Mock PM Interview]] w [[Brian Pong]]
	 - Intro
		 - Brian works on Messenger now

	 - Whiteboard
		 - Q:
			 - FB wants to get into housing market

		 - Why
			 - Meta mission: give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together.

			 - FB housing: build better communities for homeowners 

		 - Who
			 - Single

			 - Young couples

			 - Families with children

			 - Elderly

		 - What: problems
			 - Buy house - understand what community

			 - Live in house - 
				 - Get to know your neighbors

				 - Join community events

				 - Communicate with neighborhood

				 - Find people with shared interests

			 - Sell house - understand who is coming in to the community

		 - What: solutions
			 - Whatsapp group / FB groups - with administration and management

			 - FB neighborhoods -  host events
				 - Neighbor profiles

				 - Events

				 - Community score

				 - Interests

		 - End
			 - Risks

			 - Summary

	 - Feedback
		 - Clarifying questions
			 - ALWAYS ask clarifying questions

			 - Which part of housing - geographic scope

			 - Which stakeholders - 

		 - I need to lay out my approach - over-emphasize structure

		 - Segmentation
			 - First time home buyers

			 - Starting families

			 - Empty nesters - downsizing

	 - FB's rubric
		 - Motivaiton and mission
			 - Higher level problem identification

		 - Target audience
			 - Can you think of all the different user segments?

			 - Can you prioritize the right one?

		 - Problem identificaiton
			 - User needs identified

		 - Solution and communication

	 - Execution rubric
		 - Product rationale - 
			 - Motivation and mission

		 - Set goals
			 - Goal is different from metric

			 - Goal is adoption vs. engagement

		 - Measuring impact
			 - Think of all sides of market place and all stakeholders

			 - Come up with large set of metrics

		 - Trade-offs
