- 1-1 w [[Tushark Bansal]]
	 - Perf testing - Mandeep

	 - Client asks
		 - Need to be delivered by end of March

		 - April release - CoD

		 - May release - Server

	 - Modern viewer in LM
		 - Shilpi will lead this work; 

- Birthday message
	 - Hey, it turns out that some friends are unable to make it on Feb 19 due to long weekend plans. Hypothetically, if we changed the date to Saturday, Feb 26, would that work for you? (In either case, will confirm in the next few days.)

- 1-1 w [[Aditya Baul]] - rewards check-in
	 - Agenda if promoted
		 - What's the path to manager?

	 - Agenda if not promoted
		 - What went wrong? 

	 - Agenda in any case
		 - What projects should I take on going forward?

	 - Aditya's feedback
		 - Push back more / be assertive

	 - Career progression
		 - Group PM is broken down into Mgr and Sr. Mgr

		 - After Sr PM, go to Mgr then Sr. Mgr; within Sr. Mgr there are two levels; then get to director

		 - Sr. PM to GPM - takes 4 years

		 - Sr. PM to M - takes 2 years

	 - Focus for FY 22
		 - Get to 100M

		 - Get to one other surface - MS / Web / etc.

		 - Show business justification

- Announcements
	 - CoD
		 - 30% of the LM-Android user base is now on CoD + provisional.

		 - Time to first content at p75 is under 2.5s.

		 - % of taps resulting in LM enter increased by over 15 percentage points

	 - Auto-open
		 - 35% of the LM-iOS user base is now eligible for auto-open.

		 - 25% of eligible users are opting in to auto-open.

- 1-1 w [[Steven Bruce]]
	 - DONE Reschedule Monday meeting w Android [[January 27th, 2022]]

	 - DONE Hey, folowing up on DTM - there will be a go/no-go decision next Tuesday and Steven will post an update here.

- 
