- Inbox
	 - DONE Fix airpods

	 - DONE Diwakar client info sheet 2020 #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W34 [[August 24th, 2022]]

- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Signal gain

		 - OBA review

	 - DONE Lunch w Sagar Friday

	 - Targeting products
		 - Lets us get incremental signal from Advertisers about value of a user

		 - If we get more signal, we can improve ads score - improve efficiency

	 - DONE Add myself to Antony's interviews

	 - DONE Socialize interview questions w other PMs - Marvin, Sen, Damien, Moji, Junbiao, Shabnam [[August 22nd, 2022]]
		 - Hi - As part the Privacy Enhancing Tech (PET) workstream, we are interviewing privacy sensitive advertisers to understand the reasons behind why they are not sharing conversion data for conversion optimization. It would be great if you could take a moment to review the questions we are planning to ask and provide any feedback you may have. Thank you!

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WlFpwW7n7LIa6MhgDfm2k_G-hxnUlmXX8K3NUCtZ_u4/edit#bookmark=id.p7d2dtfeebgm

- 1-1 w [[Nick Strumpf]]
	 - He was PM for Ads at Atlantic, NBC
		 - Worked in direct ad sales - selling to Land Rover etc.

		 - Worked in indirect ad sales - working w Demand Side Platforms

	 - DONE Interview questions
		 - Why do you use FB as opposed to other channels? What are your goals?
			 - Reporting discrepencies

	 - Ad manager team
		 - Platform used by advertisers to set up campaigns

		 - This has messaging about AEM

		 - DONE Meet w Brian Murphy to learn more about the front-end advertiser experience

	 - AEM
		 - It's primarily a measurement tool; we predict the number of conversions

		 - Ranking team - we - also use AEM

- 1-1 w [[Katie Cowling]]
	 - How to do inbound for Ads delivery?
		 - DONE Jamie Smolski - director of Core Ads - talk to someone on her team - or Sam Solmonson or Divya Mathur

	 - Organizing MBA event
		 - Connect with Yale career office - get potential dates

		 - Get interest from alum group

		 - Need review / sign off from Meta PR team

		 - Register in Global Event Registry

		 - Zoom breakout rooms for individual speakers Q&A - or individual zooms - each alum hosts one

		 - Collect feedback

		 - Metrics for success 
			 - Number of attendees

			 - Number of applications

- therapy w [[Tucker Peck]]
	 - Meditation
		 - TMI style is not good for OCPD people; too much control

		 - Shinzen noting practice is better - see, hear, feel

		 - How to deal with "I suck at this" thought? 

		 - My problem is listening to thoughts very tightly - get less tight

		 - Do nothing - this is an advanced practice - easy to be just wasting time unless you're an advanced meditator

		 - Don't switch practices until end of 2022

	 - Retreats
		 - Seattle

	 - Infinite todo list
		 - Make a list of everything with 3 colors - red, yellow, green

- 
