- Inbox
	 - DONE Pallav CoD deep dive #[[LM-Mobile]] #2022-W18

	 - DONE Jurgen schedule 

	 - DONE Message Krupa [[April 22nd, 2022]]
		 - Morning Krupa! Just wanted to provide a quick update to let you know that I had a call with Sagar last night and we decided to proceed with the pre-allocated process (I also sent you an email about this last night). It would be great if you could provide me with a quick update regarding the expected timeline and next steps. Thank you! 😊

		 - Thanks Krupa! Please feel free to call / text me whenever you have an update on Monday. If the outcome is positive, I’d love to be able to get offer details on the same day or next day (due to my current offer deadline). Looking forward!🤞

	 - DONE Message Lauren [[Linkedin]]
		 - Hi Lauren  — Thanks again for sharing the offer details. I'm very excited about Linkedin and about this role, and I think this is a great offer which exceeds what I asked for or expected. Thank you for that! 😊

However, this is a major life decision for me, and I would like to have time until Friday 4/29 (i.e. 6 business days from your offer email) to make a thoughtful and informed decision. Having invested a lot of time preparing for and going through the interview process and waited in good faith at every step (2 weeks from recruiter screen to first round + 2 weeks from first round to second round + 2-3 weeks from final round to offer), I believe that an additional 1 week to decide is a reasonable request.

If this timeline doesn't work for you, could you please let me know the latest date you can extend the deadline until? Thanks again!

	 - DONE Waymo message
		 - Hi Tuyen and Jill — Hope you're doing well! I really enjoyed my interviews today and am very excited about Waymo and the Perception team. I just wanted to let you know that I received an offer from Linkedin earlier this week and the recruiter wants me to respond by Monday 4/25. I am trying to push back on this, but I don't think I'll be able to delay it more than another day or two at most. I would really appreciate it if you could review my interview feedback on Monday and let me know how you would like to proceed. Thank you, and have a nice weekend! 😊 

- Meet w [[Pallav Vyas]], [[Laurie Bryum]] on CoD deep dive for Phil, Randy
	 - Format
		 - Create two page pre-read and use the meeting to address concerns

	 - 

- 1-1 [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Can't meet later today
			 - Block of time on Fridays for Analytics and Android bug review - CoD Android 12

		 - Acrobat Web doc

	 - 

- Waymo R2 interviews
	 - Ref
		 - Framework - Meta Product sense
			 - Clarify understanding
				 - Who is building the product and where?

				 - Clarify understanding of product / product space (e.g. what type of travel?)

				 - Constraints: platform / geography

			 - Introduce structure - let me first discuss how I'd like to approach this question:
				 - WHY are we building this product? What's our mission and objective?

				 - WHO are we building this product for? Who are the target users?

				 - Then discuss WHAT are the user problems that we want this product to solve.

				 - Finally I'll discuss potential solutions for what to build.

				 - If there's more time at the end, we can briefly discuss risks and success metrics for this product.

			 - WHY do/did we build this product? What's our mission and objective?
				 - State company mission: Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. 

				 - __Connect product to company mission__
					 - X is aligned to the company mission, because...

					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Already many communities around XYZ

				 - __Connect product to company strategy__
					 - X is also a good strategic fit within the Meta ecosystem, because...

					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Potentially brings new users into the Meta ecosystem and gives existing users additional value from the ecosystem.

						 - One of Meta's key goals is to enable meaningful interactions between people - X will definitely enable.

						 - Leveraging the Meta ecosystem will give us powerful data that will make X great.

						 - As we transition into the Metaverse, X will become important

						 - Virtuous cycle of engagement.

						 - Competition

						 - Industry trends

				 - __State product mission__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Bring people together and enable meaningful interactions through ...

						 - Enable meaningful interactions through ...

						 - FB Stories (mock): Bring people closer together through daily moments.

						 - Sweetgreen: To inspire healthier communities by connecting people to real food.

						 - Workday: To put people at the center of enterprise software.

						 - Warby Parker: To offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses.

			 - WHY - non-Meta product
				 - What does the company do?
					 - Customers
						 - 

					 - Products / services
						 - 

					 - Other stakeholders
						 - 

					 - Key differentiators
						 - 

				 - Mission
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Sweetgreen: To inspire healthier communities by connecting people to real food.

						 - Workday: To put people at the center of enterprise software.

						 - Warby Parker: To offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses.

			 - WHO are we building this product for? Who are the target users?
				 - __Stakeholders: users / creators / businesses / suppliers / partners / vendors / regulators / govt / employees / etc.__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - User's friends and family

				 - Prioritize by
					 - Mission and strategy - Meta and product (new users / value to existing)

					 - Large group with underserved needs

					 - A great user experience will ultimately benefit all other stakeholders of the product

				 - __User segments__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Goals / needs

						 - Stage of event: before / during / after

						 - User himself vs. friends and family

						 - Engagement level by feature

						 - Frequency

						 - With whom? solo / friends / family / classmates

						 - Level of knowledge / sophistication / interest / access / skill / coordination

						 - Demographics
							 - Life stage - student / young professional / family w kids / elderly

							 - Location

							 - Money

							 - Time

				 - Prioritization 
					 - Mission and strategy - Meta ecosystem and product (new users / value to existing)
						 - Young adults at risk for FB

					 - Large group with underserved needs

			 - WHAT are the user problems faced by our target users?
				 - Recap so far: mission > who

				 - __List user journey steps__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref: user journey
						 - Stages: before, during, after

						 - Two sides: creator / producer

				 - __List user needs and pain points__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref: pain points
						 - Takes too long

						 - Is frustrating

						 - Inefficient 

				 - Prioritize 
					 - Mission and strategy - Meta ecosystem and product (new users / value to existing)

					 - Frequency and severity (for user and MISSION)

					 - Alternatives

			 - What / solution ideas
				 - __List solution ideas (include one moonshot)__ 
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref: FB ideas
						 - Wizard: user inputs + magic = results to solve problem

						 - Chatbot / AI concierge

						 - FB custom group 

						 - Social: connecting people, creating community, collaborating

					 - Ref: general Ideas
						 - AI/ML

						 - AR/VR: in-home product experience

						 - Metaverse

						 - Ambient computing

						 - Growth: Targeted reminders, gamification

				 - Prioritize
					 - Solves specific user problem

					 - Mission and strategy - Meta and product (new users / value to existing)

					 - Confidence - adoption / engagement 

					 - Effort

					 - Competition / Risks

				 - __Solution deep dive__
					 - 

					 - Post-MVP (AI / learning from data)

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Entry point; main steps and call to action; afterwards

						 - Make sure to solve user problem!

			 - Risks and success metrics
				 - Explain mini-framework

				 - __Risks and trade-offs__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Privacy / trust

						 - Competition

						 - Cannibalization

						 - Time to market

						 - Necessary partnerships

						 - Difficulty in technology

						 - Scaling risks

				 - __List metrics: adoption / engagement / retention / monetization__
					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Adoption: Sign-ups / downloads

						 - Engagement: Daily usage / %

						 - Retention

						 - Monetization

						 - Guardrail metrics
							 - Ecosystem level metrics

				 - __Prioritize metric: usually engagement %__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Adoption / engagement / retention / monetization

						 - Default: Engagement is the best measure of how much value our product is providing to users.

				 - __Downsides of metric__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref

			 - Closing
				 - Recap: mission > user > pain point > solution > metric

				 - Paint vision for future
					 - This is just the starting point - we just picked one use case and MVP solution.

					 - The mission is much broader... Meta can become the destination for X

		 - Goals and metrics framework
			 - Clarify
				 - Clarify product understanding

				 - No constraints - globally across all geos and platforms

			 - Introduce structure - let me first discuss how I'd like to approach this question
				 - WHY do/did we build this product? What's our mission and objective? 

				 - User actions and corresponding metrics we should measure

				 - Prioritize the top 1-2 metrics and discuss some trade-offs involved

			 - WHY do/did we build this product? What's our mission and objective?
				 - State company mission: Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. 

				 - __Connect product to company mission__
					 - X is aligned to the company mission, because...

					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Already many communities around XYZ

				 - __Connect product to company strategy__
					 - X is also a good strategic fit within the Meta ecosystem, because...

					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Potentially brings new users into the Meta ecosystem and gives existing users additional value from the ecosystem.

						 - One of Meta's key goals is to enable meaningful interactions between people - X will definitely enable.

						 - Leveraging the Meta ecosystem will give us powerful data that will make X great.

						 - As we transition into the Metaverse, X will become important

						 - Virtuous cycle of engagement.

						 - Competition

						 - Industry trends

				 - __State product mission__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Bring people together and enable meaningful interactions through ...

						 - Enable meaningful interactions through ...

						 - FB Stories (mock): Bring people closer together through daily moments.

						 - Sweetgreen: To inspire healthier communities by connecting people to real food.

						 - Workday: To put people at the center of enterprise software.

						 - Warby Parker: To offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses.

			 - User actions and corresponding metrics we should measure
				 - __Describe user journey and highlight KEY actions__
					 - Creator
						 - 

					 - Consumer
						 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Launch app

						 - Discover
							 - Newsfeed

							 - Notifications

							 - Groups

							 - Dedicated tab

						 - Click through to landing page

						 - Go through feature flow: view, swipe, type text, add image

						 - Engage with feature: comment, react

						 - Meet engagement threshold

						 - Share in groups / feed

						 - Retain - come back

				 - __List metrics__
					 - Creator
						 - Adoption
							 - 

						 - Engagement
							 - 

						 - Retention
							 - 

						 - Monetization (if applicable)
							 - 

						 - Performance (if applicable)
							 - 

					 - Consumer
						 - Adoption
							 - 

						 - Engagement
							 - 

						 - Retention
							 - 

						 - Monetization (if applicable)
							 - 

						 - Performance (if applicable)
							 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Adoption: num people using product
							 - Number and % of people using feature daily (e.g. num viewers / day)

							 - Website visits, app downloads, sign-ups

						 - Engagement
							 - Median number of engagements per user per day

							 - % of people who meet engagement threshold

						 - Retention
							 - % retained, week on week

						 - Monetization
							 - ARPU

							 - Conversion % - free to paid

						 - Performance
							 - Success rate / failure rate

							 - Speed: time to open story

							 - Uptime

				 - __List guardrail / umbrella metrics (if applicable)__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - App / ecosystem level: adoption, engagement, retention, monetization

						 - Engagement: Number of meaningful interactions / user / day: feature > product > ecosystem

						 - Time spent in ecosystem / user / day

			 - Prioritize the top 1-2 metrics and discuss some trade-offs involved
				 - __Prioritize metric__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Engagement > retention > adoption
							 - Tie to MISSION!

							 - Engagement signals that the product is providing value to users and is leading indicator of retention.
								 - Plot retention vs. engagement and look for the inflection point of diminishing returns

							 - Retention signals that people found value once, and loved it enough to come back

							 - Adoption: if we have engagement and retention, adoption is often a matter of awareness

						 - Consumer > creator
							 - Both sides are essential to the ecosystem, and ideally I would like to have one metric for each side.

							 - but if I have to choose just one I would choose consumption

							 - If the user experience for consumption is great, then creators will want to be part of the ecosystem.

				 - __Discuss metric downsides__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Doesn't tell you the full picture: 
							 - other funnel stages funnel stages 

							 - other side of market

						 - Doesn't tell you what is driving the metric
							 - Avg inventory / consumer

							 - % of inventory that is relevant

						 - Doesn't tell you health of ecosystem - need guardrail metrics
							 - Number of meaningful interactions / user / day: feature > product > ecosystem

							 - Customer sentiment - reviews / social media / etc.

							 - Safety - % of items reported

				 - Set target (OPTIONAL)
					 - See current state

					 - Brainstorm improvements

					 - Estimate impact of improvements

			 - Summarize
				 - Q > mission > metrics > prioritization > downsides

		 - Debugging framework
			 - __Clarify the question__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Define the metric

					 - scope

					 - time span

					 - edge cases

			 - __Exploratory data analysis to contextualize and isolate the key issue__
				 - Map out the funnel(s)
					 - 

				 - Narrow down
					 - 

				 - Time
					 - 

				 - --

				 - I use Adobe Analytics to slice and dice metrics and dimensions - similar at Meta

				 - Ref
					 - Contextualize metric
						 - Absolute numbers lack context - combination of number at the top of the funnel and the conversion rates

						 - All user journey stages leading up to this metric

					 - Narrow down and isolate the metric
						 - Platform: iOS / Android / mWeb / Desktop

						 - Device type: mobile / tablet / desktop

						 - Geo

						 - User segment

					 - Time scale
						 - Gradual vs. sudden change
							 - Sudden = performance / analytics issue / new feature

							 - Gradual = user behavior change

						 - Seasonality?

			 - Mid-point recap

			 - __Hypothesize root causes__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Inventory 
						 - Creation is down > go to creator funnel 

						 - Less items being shows to consumers

					 - Relevance: items shown are not as reelvant

					 - Competition (substitutes / cannibalization)

					 - Customers - change in cohort mix

					 - Performance issues - crashes, slowdowns, bugs

					 - Product changes - new features?

					 - Analytics logging issues

			 - __Summarize__
				 - EDA > Hypotheses > testing

			 - OPTIONAL Advertising metrics debugging
				 - Revenue = A x B x C
					 - A = num people 

					 - B = ads/person 
						 - time spent per person / num searches per person

						 - ad load - num surfaces and frequency

					 - C = $/ad
						 - IF cost per view model
							 - change is due to num advertisers or spend per advertiser

						 - IF cost per click model
							 - CTR x CPC (cost-per-click)

		 - Tradeoff framework
			 - Clarify question and identify as tradeoff

			 - Impact on customers
				 - __List pros and cons - hypotheses__
					 - Pro
						 - 

					 - Con
						 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - 

				 - __Quantitative: monitor key metrics__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Metrics positively impacted: (e.g. Metrics for new functionality introduced - for payments)

						 - Metrics negatively impacted:  (e.g. Metrics for other features - messages, calls)

						 - Guardrail metrics at app level: adoption / engagement / retention / monetization

						 - Retention metrics

				 - __Qualitative: surveys and customer itnerviews__
					 - 

			 - __Impact on mission and strategy__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Mission

					 - Strategic considerations

					 - Risks
						 - Privacy

						 - Trust

						 - Security

						 - Regulation

			 - __Test and iterate__
				 - 

				 - Ref
					 - Set up A/B test

					 - Size: 1-5% test and control

					 - Duration: 2-4 weeks (longer if focus on retention)

			 - __Conclude__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Go vs no-go: long-term impact > medium-term impact > short-term impact

					 - Segment audience into two UXs

			 - Recap

		 - Metrics list 
			 - Acquisition and activation
				 - Website visits, app downloads, sign-ups

				 - Advertising funnel: search engine terms, CPA, CPC

				 - Mailing list funnel: open rate, CTR, conversion rate

			 - Engagement and retention (MAU, time spent)
				 - Active users: daily / weekly / monthly

				 - Sessions: number / duration / time spent

				 - Sharing

				 - NPS

			 - Monetization
				 - CLTV

				 - ARPU

				 - MRR

				 - Conversion % - free to paid 

				 - Churn rate

			 - Performance
				 - Uptime

				 - Failure rate

	 - [[Waymo]] R2 w [[James Guo]]
		 - Qs for interviewer
			 - General
				 - What made you want to work at X? Tell me a little bit about your career journey at X?
					 - Google Research; then moved to Waymo; 5 years or so

					 - CV is central to perception - that's why he's interested

				 - What's your favorite and least favorite thing about working at X?

				 - How has your team adapted to remote work? And what do you think will happen in future?

			 - Waymo
				 - What are the biggest challenges in your role?

				 - What are some ways in which we may collaborate in the role I'm applying for?
					 - PM role - understand the priority - should we work on this problem or not; Understand the impact of this problem to company level goal

					 - Write product definition - talk to lawyers, figure out requirement

					 - Talk to system eng to set up specific requirements for edge cases

					 - Define desired behavior

					 - Work with eng leads to design solution together; 

					 - Find proxy metrics - precision / recall

					 - Work with TPM to monitor progress

					 - 

		 - Intro James
			 - SWE on perception team; tech lead manager; collaborating with PMs to build perception solutions for self-driving cars

		 - Perception stack
			 - Recv sensor data

			 - Detect object

			 - Track object - form consistent understanding across time

			 - Understand object properties - open door, double parked, etc.

			 - Pass information to downstream: behavior prediction, planning

		 - Q
			 - School bus on road; if bus has flashing lights or folding stop-sign, active schoolbus, need to yield; work on this problem

			 - School bus pull over on the side of street; has flashing light or stop sign, then I need to stop

		 - Current behavior - just ignoring it as a regular vehicle -

		 - Object detection
			 - Classes: pedestrian, vehicle, signs, other things

			 - Add a class for school-bus

		 - Object over time - flashing light is over time

		 - Metrics
			 - Precision

			 - Recall

			 - Is a school
				 - Identify schoolbus

				 - DOn't as a schoolb

			 - Not school
				 - Identify as

				 - Don't a school

		 - Company level goal - rider only trips for 1000 miles per week

		 - What to do with less training data
			 - Simulation

			 - Augmentation

			 - Collecting training data

		 - 

	 - [[Waymo]] R2 w [[Mai Do]]
		 - Questions for interviewer
			 - Set up a situation (showing you understand person / company) + ask open ended Q 

			 - General
				 - What made you want to work at X? Tell me a little bit about your career journey at X?
					 - Worked on ML recommender systems at Twitter; beofre AWS AI/ML

					 - Joining Waymo for learning and growth

					 - Grown a lot since joining waymo

				 - What's your favorite and least favorite thing about working at X?

				 - How has your team adapted to remote work? And what do you think will happen in future?

			 - Waymo
				 - What are some ways in which we may collaborate in the role I'm applying for?

				 - What's your vision for the world when self-driving is a reality?

				 - What about end to end self driving vs. stacks?

				 - What are the biggest challenges in your role?

			 - Meta
				 - What do you think about FB's transformation to Meta? And how does this impact you as the PM for X?

		 - Mai intro
			 - Lead PM for ML platform team; partnership w perception team; makes our team's life easier

		 - Q1 - 15 mins - 
			 - Q
				 - Waymo wants to be multi products - ride hailing, trucking, delivery

				 - E.g. Airbnb replacing hotel - it has specific use case, but not full replacement

				 - Focus on Waymo delivery

			 - Clarify
				 - Regular vans to move goods, meals, packages

			 - Stakeholders

			 - Framework - Meta Product sense
				 - Clarify understanding
					 - Who is building the product and where?

					 - Clarify understanding of product / product space (e.g. what type of travel?)

					 - Constraints: platform / geography

				 - Introduce structure - let me first discuss how I'd like to approach this question:
					 - WHY are we building this product? What's our mission and objective?

					 - WHO are we building this product for? Who are the target users?

					 - Then discuss WHAT are the user problems that we want this product to solve.

					 - Finally I'll discuss potential solutions for what to build.

					 - If there's more time at the end, we can briefly discuss risks and success metrics for this product.

				 - WHY do/did we build this product? What's our mission and objective? **Deliver sustainable, flexible, accessible, transportation / improve safety reduce accidents / vision towards smart city**
					 - State company mission: Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. 

					 - **Deliver sustainable, flexible, accessible, transportation**

					 - __Connect product to company mission__
						 - X is aligned to the company mission, because...

						 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - Already many communities around XYZ

					 - __Connect product to company strategy__
						 - X is also a good strategic fit within the Meta ecosystem, because...

						 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - Potentially brings new users into the Meta ecosystem and gives existing users additional value from the ecosystem.

							 - One of Meta's key goals is to enable meaningful interactions between people - X will definitely enable.

							 - Leveraging the Meta ecosystem will give us powerful data that will make X great.

							 - As we transition into the Metaverse, X will become important

							 - Virtuous cycle of engagement.

							 - Competition

							 - Industry trends

					 - __State product mission__
						 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - Bring people together and enable meaningful interactions through ...

							 - Enable meaningful interactions through ...

							 - FB Stories (mock): Bring people closer together through daily moments.

							 - Sweetgreen: To inspire healthier communities by connecting people to real food.

							 - Workday: To put people at the center of enterprise software.

							 - Warby Parker: To offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses.

				 - WHO are we building this product for? Who are the target users?
					 - __Stakeholders: users / creators / businesses / suppliers / partners / vendors / regulators / govt / employees / etc.__
						 - Wholesalers / Retailers - stores

						 - Logistics companies - UPS / Fedex 

						 - Aggregator - Instarcart / Uber

						 - End users - sender and reciever 

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - User's friends and family

					 - Use cases
						 - Send something
							 - P2p

							 - Mail - another city

						 - Recieve somthing
							 - Local store

							 - Online warehouse / reatiaer 

					 - Order store
						 - Grocery

						 - Meals / restaurants

						 - Last mile delivery

						 - Local non-grocery store

					 - Last mile - market

					 - Challenges and risk
						 - 

					 - Prioritize by
						 - Mission and strategy - Meta and product (new users / value to existing)

						 - Large group with underserved needs

						 - A great user experience will ultimately benefit all other stakeholders of the product

					 - __User segments__
						 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - Goals / needs

							 - Stage of event: before / during / after

							 - User himself vs. friends and family

							 - Engagement level by feature

							 - Frequency

							 - With whom? solo / friends / family / classmates

							 - Level of knowledge / sophistication / interest / access / skill / coordination

							 - Demographics
								 - Life stage - student / young professional / family w kids / elderly

								 - Location

								 - Money

								 - Time

					 - Prioritization 
						 - Mission and strategy - Meta ecosystem and product (new users / value to existing)
							 - Young adults at risk for FB

						 - Large group with underserved needs

				 - WHAT are the user problems faced by our target users?
					 - Recap so far: mission > who

					 - __List user journey steps__
						 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref: user journey
							 - Stages: before, during, after

							 - Two sides: creator / producer

					 - __List user needs and pain points__
						 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref: pain points
							 - Takes too long

							 - Is frustrating

							 - Inefficient 

					 - Prioritize 
						 - Mission and strategy - Meta ecosystem and product (new users / value to existing)

						 - Frequency and severity (for user and MISSION)

						 - Alternatives

				 - What / solution ideas
					 - __List solution ideas (include one moonshot)__ 
						 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref: FB ideas
							 - Wizard: user inputs + magic = results to solve problem

							 - Chatbot / AI concierge

							 - FB custom group 

							 - Social: connecting people, creating community, collaborating

						 - Ref: general Ideas
							 - AI/ML

							 - AR/VR: in-home product experience

							 - Metaverse

							 - Ambient computing

							 - Growth: Targeted reminders, gamification

					 - Prioritize
						 - Solves specific user problem

						 - Mission and strategy - Meta and product (new users / value to existing)

						 - Confidence - adoption / engagement 

						 - Effort

						 - Competition / Risks

					 - __Solution deep dive__
						 - 

						 - Post-MVP (AI / learning from data)

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - Entry point; main steps and call to action; afterwards

							 - Make sure to solve user problem!

				 - Risks and success metrics
					 - Explain mini-framework

					 - __Risks and trade-offs__
						 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - Privacy / trust

							 - Competition

							 - Cannibalization

							 - Time to market

							 - Necessary partnerships

							 - Difficulty in technology

							 - Scaling risks

					 - __List metrics: adoption / engagement / retention / monetization__
						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - Adoption: Sign-ups / downloads

							 - Engagement: Daily usage / %

							 - Retention

							 - Monetization

							 - Guardrail metrics
								 - Ecosystem level metrics

					 - __Prioritize metric: usually engagement %__
						 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - Adoption / engagement / retention / monetization

							 - Default: Engagement is the best measure of how much value our product is providing to users.

					 - __Downsides of metric__
						 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref

				 - Closing
					 - Recap: mission > user > pain point > solution > metric

					 - Paint vision for future
						 - This is just the starting point - we just picked one use case and MVP solution.

						 - The mission is much broader... Meta can become the destination for X

		 - DONE Behavioral - deliver product feature with ambiguity #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]]

	 - [[Waymo]] R2 w [[Peter Pawlowski]]
		 - Questions for interviewer
			 - Set up a situation (showing you understand person / company) + ask open ended Q 

			 - General
				 - What made you want to work at X? Tell me a little bit about your career journey at X?

				 - What's your favorite and least favorite thing about working at X?

				 - How has your team adapted to remote work? And what do you think will happen in future?

			 - Waymo
				 - What are some ways in which we may collaborate in the role I'm applying for?

				 - What's your vision for the world when self-driving is a reality?

				 - What about end to end self driving vs. stacks?

				 - What are the biggest challenges in your role?

			 - Meta
				 - What do you think about FB's transformation to Meta? And how does this impact you as the PM for X?

		 - Intro Peter
			 - EM for Mapping and Perception

		 - Q: how to use data

		 - Q: why Waymo

		 - Q: Mapping case
			 - Context
				 - We want to buy maps from external third party

			 - Cost vs. benefits

		 - Peter's role and collaboration
			 - Manager of mapping team

			 - Onboard systems consume map

			 - Also a lead for onboard 

		 - Waymo mapping vs Google mapping
			 - Waymo is much more detailed

			 - Google cares about roads and points of interest

			 - Waymo's map - where's the lane, boundary, traffic light, etc.

		 - My feedback
			 - Peter is a great guy!
