- [[Daily journal]]
	 - === **WELLBEING** ===
		 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
			 - Had an amazing birthday weekend. Bhalucat made it the best ever. Steak dinner on 17th then party with friends and family on 18th then bhalu's day at Great America on 19th. I had such a fun time, and I love bhalucat so much for making this happen for me. I really want to make her birthday special this year!

			 - Today I am trying to do some light work. Lawyer and career prep convos coming up. Additionally want to do some amazon work, but what else do I want to do? I can pick up a project to do like Logseq migration or working on Ramayana project. In fact, I could easily do a bit of both. Also general GTD catch-up and planning. Maybe I make both of these the projects I do? Some time on Ramayana + some time on general GTD + logseq migration. I think that would be good.

		 - [[What am I grateful for today?]]
			 - Grateful for bhalucat - the amount of love she has for me is out of this world. Most precious thing in life to me.

	 - === **PRODUCTIVITY** ===
		 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

		 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

		 - [[What habits did I follow today?]]
			 - Daily planning

			 - Exercise (10 min)

			 - Vape control (app + 1-hr)

	 - === **REMINDERS** ===
		 - Wellbeing reminders
			 - Resist the overachiever
				 - The overachiever tends to say:
					 - 1.) Achieve more

					 - 2.) You're not living up to your potential

					 - 3.) Don't waste time.  Be productive.

					 - 4.) I am your only motivation to succeed.  Without me, you would never do anything.

					 - 5.) I will concede that the last 18 million times I have told you this it has been repetitive dumb thinking, but __this time it's real__.

			 - **OCPD**: Note urges

			 - **Productivity**: eat the frog; do B- work; randomize small decisions

		 - Mindfulness
			 - Micro-moments of mindfulness

			 - Micro-journaling

- Sagar update
	 - Made some good progress via brainstorming session with Abhishek today:

	 - 1/ We fleshed out detailed experimentation plan for DFCA based optimization (still need to combine it with test plan for 1.1 and 1.2 - I can take a crack at this but will need more input for Yucheng)

	 - 2/ We suggest to combine 2.1 (DFCA Private ID for improved targeting) and 2.2 (DFCA based conversion optimization); we should limit the focus of this document to conversion optimization solutions only (for the same reason that we removed "product filter removal" from the scope)

	 - 3/ We suggest renaming the options; calling 1 "conversion optimization" is misleading because even DFCA is a method of conversion optimization

	 - I am cleaning up some sections of the doc based on above and sync with you separately.

- Call w [[Will Small]] - [[lawyer]] for [[Adobe Legal Case]] 
	 - Will comments
		 - My situation is not unusual; people often do this

		 - The notice I got is fairly generic - they send out a lot

	 - What I should say
		 - Say I saved some stuff on my personal drive for personal reasons

		 - Clarify that I never used or disclosed it

		 - Assure them that I didn't do anything nefarious

	 - How to approach call
		 - Be open and candid

		 - I didn't do anything that causes them damage

		 - Tell them what I told Will

		 - It's for my own personal reference

		 - I can even propose a solution - 
			 - Give a list of files

		 - Don't lie to them

- Call w Sonu
	 - Looking for internships in medical research or field work

	 - School of public health - 

	 - Travel
		 - DC 12 - 14

		 - Bay Area - 14 - few days

		 - Orange County + LA - after that - few days
