- Misc
	 - Jill/Liquan - canonical doc
		 - Hi Jill/Liquan

	 - DONE Summit presentations [[March 29th, 2023]]

	 - Delivery update

- Shuai Collab model
	 - Product and infra team drive the data ingestion down to AdConv (including AES and CDS).

	 - Core ML and infra team drive the feature authorization, label definition. 

	 - Can expedite the process by 2 weeks if we author feature / label ahead. 

	 - Core ML team checks the data accumulation drives modeling training and validation.

	 - Can expedite the process by 1-2 week by more Eng resource.

	 - Core ML, product and QRT team co-drive the experiment setup.

	 - Core ML and product team collect and interpret the online result together.

	 - Can expedite the process by 1-2 week with more traffic size (better detectability).

- 1-1 w [[Sagar Pilania]]
	 - 1PD X-org engagement process
		 - DS sizing / intake / etc.

		 - How much should I try to drive this?

		 - Talk to Mandeepak and see how to make this more efficient

	 - LLM idea
		 - Build some compelling product experiences

		 - Sukesh + Sagar meeting on Product POCs for this experience - Sagar can nominate me

- Amazon meet w [[Sagar Pilania]], [[Sukhesh Miryala]], [[Deepak Chandra]]

- DONE Mandeepak / Gerardo
	 - Hey guys, 

Mandeepak commented that execution doc is not providing clarity on experimentation timelines

I propose that we split execution tracking

	 - 

- Call w [[Avinash Mandava]]

- Sukesh meeting
	 - Hi Tiff, hope you're doing well! :) I'm writing to request your help setting up the following meeting with Sukhesh:

Date:  Next Monday 4/3 (preferred) or Tuesday 4/4

Subject: "Shopping with Interactive ad-formats" next steps

Attendees: Sukhesh Miryala, Anjali Vaidya, Deepak Chandra, Nikhil Maddirala

Agenda: Discuss "Shopping with Interactive ad-formats" next steps (doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VhRMXgKVy79pA0e0QN5ZLkRuKfsaHEy2Eyv3oWMyw0Q/edit#heading=h.mkq1kwjt4fac)
