- [[Daily journal]]
	 - === **WELLBEING** ===

	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 

	 - [[What am I grateful for today?]]

	 - === **PRODUCTIVITY** ===

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - DONE Amazon - finalize doc - add BCA vs. Regular Ads

		 - DONE A/B testing - set up meeting and doc

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		 - Yay! Did the two big things!

	 - [[What habits did I follow today?]]
		 - DONE Diet

		 - DONE Daily planning

		 - 30 min treadmill

	 - === **REMINDERS** ===

	 - Mindfulness
		 - Micro-moments of mindfulness

		 - Micro-journaling

	 - Therapy reminders
		 - Note OCPD urges

		 - Eat that frog every day

		 - Do B- job on tasks

		 - Randomize small decisions

		 - Resist the overachiever
			 - The overachiever tends to say:
				 - 1.) Achieve more

				 - 2.) You're not living up to your potential

				 - 3.) Don't waste time.  Be productive.

				 - 4.) I am your only motivation to succeed.  Without me, you would never do anything.

				 - 5.) I will concede that the last 18 million times I have told you this it has been repetitive dumb thinking, but __this time it's real__.

- [[Therapy]] w [[Daniel Garcia]]
	 - Therapist specializing in OCPD
		 - Dan said he will keep an eye out for me - will ask on his FB group

	 - DONE Lyra metrics #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2023-W4 [[January 23rd, 2023]]

	 - Feeling bad during weekly planning
		 - Guilt - I did a bad thing, and I should change that

		 - Shame - I did a bad thing, I'm a bad person

	 - How did the walls come down in my relationship w Rukma?
		 - I must have felt safe at some point

		 - What was the transition point and what did I do differently?

	 - Next week
		 - Emotional awareness and closeness

		 - DONE Send IPD link #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2023-W4 [[January 23rd, 2023]]

- 1-1 [[Tal Hayat]]
	 - Agenda
		 - What is Core ML doing this year?

	 - Shadow data
		 - Dave will delegate to someone else - TBD

	 - PXFN
		 - We should model this on AEMv2 LAMA

	 - Areas of PM ownership
		 - I should own the Ads Delivery side of things - PXFN for Ads Delivery downstream

- 1PD execution tracking

- 1-1 [[Praveen Sampath]]
	 - About Praveen
		 - Joined Meta 2019 August; relocated family from San Diego to Bay

		 - Former Qualcomm eng; focused on modem component of SoC; transitioned to PM at Qualcomm

		 - Did MBA to transition from eng to PM

		 - Started at Facebook Connectivity - expand internet connectivity - more on infra side; was a big bet for Zuck at the time

		 - Connectivity got shut down / de-prioritized 

- Private delivery leads meeting
	 - DONE Create ML for PD roadmap and HC - by end of Q1 #[[[[Projects]]-MPC]]

	 - 

- Misc
	 - TODO Career development / mentorship ongoing chats #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]] 
		 - Rahul - Meta manager

		 - Lakshmi

		 - Rick

		 - Saurabh

		 - Ashok

		 - Aditya Baul

		 - Richard Liu - Meta / Google

		 - Runit Jhanwar 

		 - Hossam

		 - Anshuman

	 - Tana example
		 - Meeting about #Project-test-1
			 - Notes

			 - Notes

			 - Task 1

			 - Task 2

		 - Brainstorming about #Project-test-2
			 - Notes

			 - Notes

			 - Task 3

			 - Task 4

		 - Query to find tasks
			 - Project 1 tasks {{[[query]]: {and: [[TODO]] [[Project-test-1]]}}}

			 - Project 2 tasks {{[[query]]: {and: [[TODO]] [[Project-test-2]]}}}

- 1-1 w [[Tarek Elgamal]]
	 - DONE Prioritization of offline evaluation vs. model training? - meet w Hang / Maxime

	 - DONE Create PD canonical meetings #[[[[Projects]]-MPC]] #2023-W4 [[January 27th, 2023]]

	 - DONE 1-1s w Hang

- 1PD App Signal project
	 - About project
		 - Getting app install signal from FOA

		 - Android and iOS have APIs which FOA can use to check if a particular app is installed - FOA will keep checking to see if target app is installed

	 - 

- Appointment w [[One Medical]]
	 - Sore throat

	 - Mouth sores - medicated mouth rinse
		 - Recurring ulcers - come in to office visit - look at mouth, check vitals

		 - Friday at 10:30a

	 - Freestyle prescription issues

	 - 
