- Chat w [[Nick Strumpf]]
	 - Recommended Roam and Logseq

- 1PD execution
	 - Signals
		 - Platform LAMA is fine

		 - Signals Integrity is a new requirement

		 - Do 1PD teams need to update LAMAs?

	 - Misc
		 - DONE Add Jon to meetings #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]] #2023-W9 [[February 27th, 2023]]

		 - DONE Add demos to this meeting series #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]] #2023-W9 [[February 28th, 2023]]

		 - DONE Clarify label dependencies for Mandeepak #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]] #2023-W9 [[February 27th, 2023]]
			 - What is needed for Meta Pay + Meta Checkout to start working on proxy label - is the requirement for volume or recall

			 - Do we need specifically Meta Pay data to do proxy label for that bet?

		 - 

- DONE DS support for 1PD - chat w [[Sagar Pilania]] #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]] #2023-W9 [[February 27th, 2023]]
	 - We need to prioritize DS support for 1PD

	 - Liquan proposed to assign Jill from her team but only after a couple of weeks

	 - Yuhui has couple of issues
		 - He feels Jill is too junior

		 - 

	 - Overall Yuhui + Damien + I think DS should prioritize this more

	 - DS alignment doc
		 - 

- Amazon meet w [[John Hegeman]]
	 - 1P vs 3P - UX
		 - Simon - BWP is a new customer experience; priority for Amazon; should not discuss 3p vs 1p with them; they care about the experience

		 - Steven - for 1PD, we need much more heavy Meta branding; Amazon may not be on-board; we should not push

		 - JH - How viable is making BWP 1P? Is Amazon comfortable with the UX changes needed? What's the delta? Does it require on-device?

	 - 1P vs 3P - performance
		 - Fred + JH: educate Amazon about ATT benefits of 1P vs 3P 

		 - Damien: Most of the value of 1P is for OBA, not ATT

		 - Next step: understand performance impact of 1P vs 3P

		 - Won: Amazon is aware of ATT and restrictions

	 - Where to hold the bar
		 - JH: Hold the bar on approach 1

		 - Yoav: Maybe we should push for approach 2?

		 - If 1p requires on-device, then we should hold the bar at 1P

	 - Account linking
		 - Fred: long-pole is changing 3p control language

		 - JH
			 - Be clear at account linking time - need to nail down account linking soon

			 - Change 3P control

	 - Dedicated model vs joint model?
		 - ClickID solution is a joint model

	 - Summarized notes and follow-ups
		 - BWP 1P vs 3P - understand performance impact and where to hold the line
			 - Understand performance impact of 1P vs 3P and align internally on how valuable this is for Meta

			 - This will inform whether Meta should "hold the line" at 1P / how much to push for 1P

			 - Align on how to communicate this to Amazon

		 - BWP 1P vs 3P - implementation
			 - Identify the changes needed for 1P implementation
				 - Account linking UX

				 - Change Meta's 3p controls

				 - Any other changes?

			 - What is Amazon comfortable with?

		 - BAU conversation
			 - Follow up w Won and Simon

- Signal Growth PM + TPM offiste w [[Sagar Pilania]] and [[Saied Tahaghoghi]] teams
	 - How do you want to grow professionally in the year ahead? (What do you want to learn about? What skills do you want to develop or improve?)
		 - Leading and influencing XFN teams

		 - Improve expertise on ads delivery stack - specific to Signal Growth ranking

		 - Improve relationships with XFN partners and leads

	 - How do you want to grow personally?
		 - Build genuine and authentic relationships with people I work with

	 - How can the team support you in accomplishing your goals?
		 - Ads delivery stack 
			 - Knowledge sharing sessions - casual Q&A

		 - Relationships - 
			 - More summits with XFN

- 
