- Misc
	- DONE Book PA + NYC trip #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]
	  id:: 643d9248-a7b3-4efa-a44b-bc711c3759f7
	  SCHEDULED: <2023-04-17 Mon>
		- People
			- Luis
		-
- Reading [[HBR Guide to Buying a Small Business]]
	- Questions to decide
		- How to pay for search? How much to budget? (Data, broken deal costs, etc.)
		- How to finance acquisition? How much to budget?
	- Overall process
		- Sourcing
		- Filtering - initial
		- Filtering - deeper
		- Preliminary due diligence
	- Sourcing
		- Brokers
		- Direct sourcing
		- Platforms / listings
	- Filtering
		- Initial filters - from database
			- Is the prospect consistently profitable
			- Is it an established business instead of a start-up or turnaround
			- Is it in the right size range?
			- Is it located in a place you are willing to live?
			- Do you have the skills to manage it?
			- Does it fit your lifestyle?
		- Deeper filters - conversation with broker or owner
			- Is the prospect enduringly profitable?
				- Reputation
				- Competition
				- Unimportant product or service
				- Customer integration
		- Is the owner serious about selling the business?
		- Financial analysis
			- Does it have a high EBITDA margin?
			- Does it have recurring customers?
			- Does it have fragmented customers and suppliers (no concentration)?
			- Does revenue growth come from the right places?
			- Does it have steady sales (not cyclical)?
	- Prelim diligence
		- Prepare questions
		- Industry research
		- Interviewing seller
		- Onsite visit
		- Financial projections
		- Valuation
			- Multiples
			- EBITDA
			- Debt
	- Offer
		- Offer price and negotiation strategy
		- IOI
		- Deal terms
		- LOI
	- Confirmatory due diligence
		- Accounting audit
		- Legal
		- Customer interviews
		- Employee interviews
		- Specialized due diligence