- Combining signals
	- While there are many benefits to combining the signals (lower eng cost, lower infra cost, lower complexity, etc.), the main argument *against* combining signals is that we cannot experimentally measure the individual contribution of each signal. Need some input from @Ida Li on whether or not this measurability is needed for prioritization at the SGI portfolio level when deciding which 1PD bets to continue investing in vs. not.
- 1PD review
  collapsed:: true
	- DONE iRev 2023 and 2026 - is it the estimate or committed number? #[[Mandeepak Singh]]
	- DONE Need SoT for numbers - keeps changing #[[Liquan Huang]] + #[[Jill Zhang]]
	- DONE Can we include headroom in doc?
	- DONE Sizing framework
		- 5-bucket structure
		- GAS headroom
- 1-1 w [[Liquan Huang]]
  collapsed:: true
	- NYC office - Liquan may be there for Celine + skip meeting - will let me know
	- DONE Set up 1-1s w Jill
- JV
  collapsed:: true
	- [05:51, 3/8/2023] Jvaneel (JV) Parekh: I honestly don't know when would be a good time for Mexico... in any case it would just be me coming and not Amuls.. not trying to be cryptic or anything but just going through some stuff so not sure when it would end up working out
	  [14:55, 3/8/2023] Nikhil Maddirala: Just saw in the other thread... I'm really sorry to hear that man! 😔
	  [14:56, 3/8/2023] Nikhil Maddirala: Would love to catch up if you're open to talking, but no pressure
	  [07:08, 3/9/2023] Jvaneel (JV) Parekh: thank you man - I appreciate that and yeah will be nice to catch up in a bit - I just need to get my own head straight and figure out a few things before I feel like I can talk about it 🙂
	  [10:24, 3/9/2023] Nikhil Maddirala: Totally understand man. I feel really bad that you're going through this, and I just wanted you to know that you're not alone and we're here for you whenever you need. But I understand that you need some time and space to get your head straight. Take care! 🤗
- 1-1 [[Mandeepak Singh]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Roadmap - ranking architecture and dependencies
		- Calibration and QRT?
		- Plan for reviews on ranking
	- Ranking workstreams - how to Brian and I loop in
- 1-1 [[Jill Zhang]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Why is sizing changing?
		- Headroom changes
			- Include de-ID
			- Google assumptions
		- Input assumptions changes
	- Opt-out rate differences
		- E.g. Shop Ads specifically targets opt-out users
- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Roadmap
		- Ads score reporting and duplication
		- Non adscore items? E.g. Shop Ads
	- Strategy feedabck
	- DONE Ask Deepali to add Sagar
	- DONE Keep Yejing in the loop for de-duping RAX + Core ML
	-
-