- 1PD meet w [[Deepali Tamhane]]
	 - My agenda
		 - DS sizing update

		 - Commerce review

- MC sync w [[Grant Swinton]], [[Jill Zhang]], [[Shuai Liu]]
	 - Grant Q: What is the marginal value of one advertiser turning on MC?

	 - Grant's team is hearing 2% lift for first advertisers, then more lift

- [[AgentOS]] meeting w [[Jay Agrawal]], [[Sam Goodwin]], [[Sam S - functionless]]
	 - Intros

	 - Other use cases - Nikhil
		 - Mythology - recreate and retell stories to modern style

		 - Why is my Google Assistant so dumb? Why can't I talk to ChatGPT instead?

		 - Why do I have to search my internal documentation?

		 - Why do I have to search my notes?

		 - Group coordination personal assistant

		 - Geico claim - why can't I talk to ChatGPT instead?

	 - Sam G
		 - Using chatbot to help developer productivity

		 - But will people want to chat vs. pressing a button?

	 - Sam S

	 - Jay's vision
		 - AI personal assistant that can do stuff for you

		 - It needs to understand how to do stuff

	 - DONE Nikhil follow ups
		 - Use cases framework and list

		 - Vision and strategy

		 - How to pick a name

- 1-1 [[Yuhui Ouyang]]
	 - What I've been doing
		 - Driving MC conversation

		 - Driving DS conversation

	 - I'm not sure if that's the best way for me to add value

	 - Resiliency of LH vs Checkout

	 - DONE Damien POC for resiliency framework

- Meet w [[Mandeepak Singh]] [[Gerardo Cantu]]
	 - DONE Schedule review on 1PD ranking - SG

	 - DONE Ranking LAMA - check if dependency on Signals LAMA vs integrity LAMA

- Meet w [[Owen Brown]] and [[Eric Landgrebe]] on MLRP capacity allocation
	 - How is feature quota allocated?
		 - MLRP tool for half planning

		 - Project teams submit costs and gains

		 - Rank projects based on ROI - GAS per DEF

		 - .1% GAS / 1000 DEF is cutoff

		 - DS - Matthew Dalton - calculates ROI

	 - Prioritization
		 - Adscore is main metric

		 - SG vs non-SG - not a dimension

	 - Eric is Core ML POC -  not for other orgs

	 - Process for other orgs
		 - Eric collects demand for all orgs

		 - Other orgs get allocation for whatever they ask

		 - Other orgs have lightweight feature needs

	 - Core ML allocation
		 - SG vs non-SG allocation

		 - Within SG allocation is up to SG leads - 

		 - non-SG allocation - Eric helped w project level allocation

		 - SG allocation - Eric left it to Shuai and team for allocation

	 - 

- 1-1 [[Shuai Liu]]
	 - Capacity
		 - Thought Mandeepak is taking care of resource problem

		 - 4000 DEF for all of Core ML
			 - 1250 - SG

			 - 2150 - non-SG

			 - Remaining 600 - unallocated - 0.22% adscore at risk - half SG vs non-SG

	 - What I need from Shuai
		 - Table on capacity

	 - FSC new idea - needs LAMA

- 
