- [[Daily journal]]
	 - === **WELLBEING** ===

	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
		 - Still feeling a little sick from strep throat - is it even strep throat? Lol, going with that for now. Though I don't have a culture test, the symptoms do seem to match. I should check for throat spots as well. Antibiotics are seeming to help a bit, but the impact is pretty small. At least it's not getting worse hey, that's a win! Energy is also not that compromised, yay!

		 - Had a good win yesterday with Sagar in developing the Amazon data sharing framework, high five!!

	 - [[What am I grateful for today?]]
		 - Grateful for having such a loving relationship with Rukma; she's the best!

		 - Grateful for my overall good health - despite my crying about diet / exercise / etc. I'm still in the top percentiles of the overall population for good health.

		 - Grateful for having friends like Piyush and Monika in my life - that really adds to my sense of community in the bay area.

	 - === **PRODUCTIVITY** ===

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - Frog: A/B test plan update - doc + meeting

		 - Medium: Peer thanks

		 - Small: corp card, 2022 benefits check-in

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What habits did I follow today?]]
		 - Diet

		 - Daily planning

		 - 30 min treadmill

	 - === **REMINDERS** ===

	 - Mindfulness
		 - Micro-moments of mindfulness

		 - Micro-journaling

	 - Therapy reminders
		 - Note OCPD urges

		 - Eat that frog every day

		 - Do B- job on tasks

		 - Randomize small decisions

		 - Resist the overachiever
			 - The overachiever tends to say:
				 - 1.) Achieve more

				 - 2.) You're not living up to your potential

				 - 3.) Don't waste time.  Be productive.

				 - 4.) I am your only motivation to succeed.  Without me, you would never do anything.

				 - 5.) I will concede that the last 18 million times I have told you this it has been repetitive dumb thinking, but __this time it's real__.

- Misc
	 - [[OCPD]] - Annoyed that Rukma didn't load the garbage bag properly

	 - [[OCPD]] - Annoyed that the dishes are not done

	 - DONE Review Yuhui SG Web Performance Track Roadmap 2023 H1 #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]]

	 - WP post about using numbered bullets!

	 - Machine resource for ranking
		 - Hi Spencer — hope you're doing well!

		 - "1PD data use in Ads Ranking" is a newly funded project on our roadmap for which we are working on infra capacity / machine resource planning. 

		 - Since you supported the capacity planning efforts for roadmapping earlier, I was wondering if I could loop you in to help support this effort? Team needs some help understanding the process and information needed.

- Private Delivery Leads w [[Tal Hayat]], [[Maxime Boucher]], [[David Wu]], [[Di Wang]]

- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]
	 - 1PD feedback
		 - Need a v-team of leaders from the start

	 - PSC process overview

	 - Feedback on my PSC

	 - Goals for next half or year?

	 - Track 4 ownership - which sub-track for OBA?

	 - DONE Amazon deep dive 1-1

- 1-1 [[Marvin Kim]]
	 - AI4Ads review
		 - I explained status - Marvin will loop me in as needed

	 - 1PD LH status updates
		 - PXFN / CPE review - led by I&V PMs - pending UX changes for approval (to make it transparent to user that it is 1PD)

		 - Can we do ranking experiment before UX changes? Probably not.

		 - Need to align on
			 - Do we want online experiment before making the UX changes? Else how are we confident in the benefits and why make significant changes to UX?

	 - DONE Set up 1-1 w Apurva

- 1-1-1 [[Shuai Liu]], [[Yuhui Ouyang]]
	 - A/B test
		 - On paper: we are not going to take on ROAS goal; in reality if this project fails, it's on all of us

		 - We need to set a threshold and hold them accountable to the traffic thresholds; if experiment fails due to traffic, that's not on us

		 - DONE Create 1-pager for review w leads

		 - DONE Review w Mitali and Chuan - tomorrow - we want upper bound - accelleration plan - need it by mid-next week

		 - German should represent all 1PD bets

	 - 1PD overall
		 - Brian + Yuhui co-owning this

	 - Machine resource

- Amazon meeting
	 - Fan: Amazon side attribution is challenging, because they need to fully replicate all of our attribution logic

	 - Questions for Amazon

	 - New framing from Li
		 - Click ID based solution (doesn't need) - 

		 - 

- 1-1-1 [[Mandeepak Singh]], [[Gerardo Cantu]]
	 - DONE HC prioritization for Ranking

- 1-1 w [[James Andersen]]
	 - About James
		 - Working on new 1PD bets under [[Helan Ma]] org

		 - Came out of Facebook App Monetization project

		 - Priority is Promo Ads

	 - NM notes
		 - This guy seems a bit vague

	 - Prioritized for this half
		 - Promo Ads

		 - Multi-quote

- 1-1 [[Sen Yuan]]
	 - Concern: private delivery has lower match rate for clicks to conversions vs. Pixel / CAPI

	 - Why can't we have one end state of transfer learning + offline evaluation?

	 - PC SLAs are dependent on Homomorphic Encryption HE - which iPXFN uncertain

	 - DONE 1-1 Nitin

- 
