- [[[[Projects]]-1PD]] leads review w [[Mandeepak Singh]] etc
  collapsed:: true
	- DONE How will experiments validate sizing framework
- DONE Follow-up w [[Mandeepak Singh]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Nikhil's feedback for Mandeepak
		- Project context and PM roles
			- Mandeepak is the PM STO for 1PD HVR Ads Data Usage project
			- Nikhil (and Gerardo) are PM QBs for individual workstreams within this project
		- What are 1-2 things Mandeepak is doing well?
			- **Impact - strategy and execution**: Mandeepak is the best senior IC PM I have ever worked with at Meta. He drives large XFN and X-org consensus on the vision and goals; he lobbies for and wins key resources such as HC and Infra capacity; he leads roadmap and execution under high degree of ambiguity. I've learned a lot about PM best practices at Meta (canonical everything, stakeholder management, escalations, etc.) by working with him.
		- What are 1-2 things Mandeepak could be doing better?
			- **Capacity - team health**. As the PM STO for 1PD HVR Ads Data Usage, Mandeepak is also playing a role like a dotted line manager for me, and as such he should pay close attention to our PM team health, especially "managing product team morale, building effective within-team collaboration". My morale suffers when I feel that Mandeepak is not empowering me to take on larger responsibilities and grow my PM skills, and as a result my collaboration and performance also suffers.
				- https://www.internalfb.com/intern/wiki/PM_Calibration_Process_and_PM_Axes/
		- How can Mandeepak and Nikhil improve collaboration going forward?
			- Align on roles and responsibilities
				- Canonical doc with extreme clarity on roles, and responsibilities. Identify which PM is the QB for each workstream. Nikhil to draft and review/align with Mandeepak.
				- For individual workstreams, QB should be responsible for driving the workstream end to end, including all associated discussions, alignments, and reviews. STO should be coaching, reviewing, and providing feedback rather than actively driving.
				- For higher level project reviews that STO is driving, QB should be assigned sub-sections of the review corresponding to their workstreams.
			- Better execution tracking and collaboration
				- Nikhil to provide extreme clarity and visibility into workstreams status and timelines with regular updates.
				- Mandeepak to prioritize our weekly 1-1s (and ideally PM team syncs) and reschedule the meetings in case of conflicts (instead of canceling).
- DONE Post on 1PD HVR triage
  collapsed:: true
	- 1PD signals
		- If your signal is 1PD HVR
- 1-1 [[Tal Hayat]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Personal
		- Tal's mom passed away last month; his dad also passed away few years ago; he feels guilty that he wasn't close to them in Israel
	- MPC / TEE
		- MPC not needed for now
		- TEE good enough for what's needed
		- Incubating TEE - AEM for delivery
	- Org changes
		- Igor's transfer got stuck
		- Tal new QB
		- Josh is TEE PM
		- Matthew is Private Measurement PM
	-
- PM Influence without authority session [[Satish Mummareddy]]
  collapsed:: true
	-
- 1-1 [[Sunitha Chandra]]
  collapsed:: true
	- She wants us to decide whether to renew for a year or leave
- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]
	- Agenda
		- PSC conversation
			- We talked about focusing on 1PD and transitioning some of my other projects over to Amay and others
			- You also gave me some feedback from Mandeepak
			- Two are related - I was hedging; I was concerned because of 1PD / Mandeepak issues
				- STO - QB is like dotted line manager
				- Mandeepak is one of the best senior IC PMs I've ever worked with, but he's not a great people manager
				- I had a conversation with Mandeepak
		- 1PD specific areas
			- Resiliency framework - should I drive this?
			- How can I inform track 2 overall?
	- IAB features - are they the same as 3PD features?
		- Can we process 1PD as new features?
			- E.g. num visit website in last 7 days. Can we author new feature where we look at LH of user over a month and categorize based on the link history; we can't do it with 3PD because of 3PD data loss
			- E.g user clustering - can we build very good clusters based on 3PD activity?
			- What about organic feature loss?
- Misc
  collapsed:: true
	- DONE Purple tie #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc 
	  DEADLINE: <2023-05-01 Mon>
	- DONE [#A] India flights update
	  SCHEDULED: <2023-04-19 Wed>
	  DEADLINE: <2023-04-21 Fri>
	- DONE Update resume for TikTok
	- WAITING Josh Geballe - Yale Ventures Mentorship
	  collapsed:: true
		- Subject: Great Talk, Mentorship Inquiry & My Expertise
		- Hi Josh,
		- Loved your talk at the Yale event yesterday! I'm interested in those startup mentorship opportunities you mentioned. As an AI product manager with experience at Meta and Adobe, I believe my expertise could be valuable. Could you share some info on how to get involved?
		- Thanks and cheers,
		  [Your Name]
	- DONE Miro board for design sprint
	  DEADLINE: <2023-04-14 Fri>
	- CANCELED Go pro case in car - battery cover
	- DONE Single pill box
	- DONE Sanjay Behl follow up
	- DONE Packing cubes
	- DONE Dry cleaning
	- DONE Template for Anna coach calls - HPM, goals vs progress, special topics (this week - liquan, GTD issues)
	- DONE Gtd system - sizing, prioritization based on goals
	- DONE Better backpack for work
	- DONE Better clothes / jeans
	- DONE Libre view or link up app
	- DONE Help rukma notifications set up iOS
	- DONE Photography books - atlas of beauty
	- DONE Steven grover apologize
	- CANCELED Learn naatu
	- DONE Yale mentorship follow up w the speaker
	- DONE networking give and get - coffee chats
		- Message
		  collapsed:: true
			- 💬 Water Cooler Conversations: Let's Chat 💬
			  
			  Hey! 👋 I'm excited to kick off a limited series of water cooler conversations to spark spontaneous discussions with people in my network. Here's how it works:
			  
			  🕒 25-minute video call
			  
			  📌 First 5 minutes: Introductions
			  
			  📌 Next 10 minutes: You ask me anything you're curious about! (Suggested topics include product management, computer science, AI, business, or anything else on my LinkedIn profile.)
			  
			  📌 Last 10 minutes: I ask you anything I'm curious about! (Currently I'm curious about how you are using AI in your life and what impact it may have.)
			  
			  📅 Book a slot using my Calendly link: [Your Calendly Link]
			  
			  I look forward to connecting with you! 😊
			-
			- Not convinced? Here's some specific value I can offer:
				- Applying to jobs in management consulting or product management. I've worked in consulting and product management roles at Deloitte, Adobe, and Meta.
				- Applying to college or grad school in the US. I have an undergrad degree from UChicago (philosophy) and graduate degrees from Yale (MBA) and UPenn (CS)
				- Resume review, interview preparation, etc.
				- Computer science, AI and machine learning
		- Outreach
			- Hey, check out my water cooler conversations series
			- Hey, I'm hosting a limited series of water cooler conversations! Please take a look and feel free to book a slot if you'd like to chat with me: https://calendly.com/nikhil-maddirala/water-cooler-conversation
		- Disclaimers
		  collapsed:: true
			- Limited time slots and time zones
			- No commitment to any follow ups
		- Groups
		-
	- CANCELED Ask best way to connect w UPenn students and alums
	- DONE Charlotte baby shower [invite](https://www.paperlesspost.com/go/2BmQ80gcdXrvevfvXNyVa/pp_g/c45c64f8f749195115180a2b83ef72f4e1ee9d70?utm_campaign=Card_sms_invitation&utm_medium=Messaging&utm_source=SMS) - confirm w Rukma and say we can't go
	- DONE Lyra - switch from Daniel to Couples
- 1-1 [[Avinash Mandava]]
	- Worked on design sprint