- Indian mythology
  collapsed:: true
	- Vision - The primary goal is to reach the modern globalized Indian diaspora across the world. Reaching broader audiences could be a secondary goal.
	- Solution - The AI technology we will use is LLMs. No need to go into much more detail.
	- Formats and styles - Call this section "products" or something like that instead. Also include a "Mahabharata for modern Indian adults" type thing.
	- User feedback - we don't need this section for now
	- Cultural sensitivity - also mention that this project is by my wife and I who are both Indians living in America and we grew up with these stories and want to share them with others
	- Target audience - revise based on the above revisions
	- Marketing and distribution - don't need this section for now
	- Sustainability - don't need this section for now
- [[Goalswon]] coaching call w [[Joel Patrizio]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Agenda
		- Procrastination and avoidance issues
		- Therapist suggested using productivity coaching
		- Main concern: I will start ignoring the texts
	- Daily planning
		- Start with three tasks: 1 important, 1 medium, 1 small
		- Send photo of task list or screenshot
	- Recommended usage
		- Joel's morning - my early morning
- MC threads
  collapsed:: true
	- Questions to resolve in this thread: 
	  
	  (1) What is the minimum Meta Checkout traffic volume needed for E2E data quality validation
	  
	  (2) Are we able to capture both 1P and 3P events for each conversion?
- 1PD competition
  collapsed:: true
	- Overall problem: Meta’s ads revenue remains heavily dependent (~60%) on 3PD, which is negatively impacted by platform and regulatory restrictions, resulting in decreased ads delivery performance from label loss and feature loss. In contrast to 3PD, 1PD is more performant and more resilient to platform and regulatory regulations.
	- Overall solution: Meta is investing in growing a diversified 1PD signal portfolio and using these signals in ads ranking models, aiming to maximize revenue for conversion optimized ads products.
	- Solution details: Meta is investing in the following four areas:
		- ML experimentation platform for 1PD
		- ML techniques for low recall and low precision
		- ML for individual 1PD products
		- Productionizing and scaling up
	- provide a detailed competitive analysis for Meta's key competitors, including TikTok, Apple, Amazon, and Google
- Meet w [[Gerardo Cantu]], [[Mandeepak Singh]]
- 1-1 [[Shuai Liu]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Strategy
	- Roadmaps
	- MC volume
		- Code freeze starts end October last year, but usually it's mid-November
		- We can just use LH backtest - early to mid November
		- Shuai to get back on Volume
- Misc
  collapsed:: true
	- DONE Doc appointment + tests
	- DONE Will Small refund
	- DONE Explore Founder school and similar courses
	- DONE Should I decrease RSU withholding?
	-