- Misc
	- Deepali PMM
		- Hey Deepali, I'm working with Meta Pay (and other 1PD bets) on testing and measuring the value of 1PD data use in Ads Delivery. One of our joint goals is to leverage these test results for external comms (e.g. to convince more merchants to sign-up for Meta Pay etc.). Can you point me to the right outbound PMM who can help me understand the process for this? Thank you!
		- Some additional context here: https://fb.workplace.com/groups/640934777489092/posts/719547649627804/?comment_id=719564706292765
		-
		- Outbound PMM
- 1PD A/B testing w [[Mandeepak Singh]], [[Chuan Goh]], [[Nidhi Narasimhan]], [[Harold Li]]
	- Chuan and I - open questions
		- DS Sign-off
		- Advertiser budget
		- Joint ownership of testing and measurement plan
	- Tina on proactive checkout
	  id:: 642edb65-b252-43d1-a811-23a4d8972cd2
		- Proactive checkout will increase recall - proactively pops up when user has Meta Pay credentials saved
	- DS review and sign-off
		- Tina wants Ads DS to sign-off; MFT don
		- Mandeepak says Mitali or Caroline should sign-of
	- Next steps
		- Next steps
		- DS review and sign-off on this analysis (Harold, Mitali)
		- Update Meta Pay 1PD data use goals, timeline, and detailed testing plan (Nidhi, Nikhil)
		- Understand how these test results can be leveraged for external comms (Nikhil, Nidhi)
		-
- Chat w [[Mandeepak Singh]] on LAMA
	- DONE LAMA for two bets + process for 1PD HVR new bets / use cases #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]] #2023-W14
	- === **WELLBEING** ===
		- [[What's on my mind today?]]
		- [[What am I grateful for today?]]
	- === **PRODUCTIVITY** ===
		- [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		- [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		- [[What habits did I follow today?]]
			- Daily planning
			- Exercise (10 min)
			- Vape control (app + 1-hr)
	- === **REMINDERS** ===
		- Wellbeing reminders
			- Resist the overachiever
				- The overachiever tends to say:
					- 1.) Achieve more
					- 2.) You're not living up to your potential
					- 3.) Don't waste time.  Be productive.
					- 4.) I am your only motivation to succeed.  Without me, you would never do anything.
					- 5.) I will concede that the last 18 million times I have told you this it has been repetitive dumb thinking, but __this time it's real__.
			- **OCPD**: Note urges
			- **Productivity**: eat the frog; do B- work; randomize small decisions
		- Work / IPD reminders
			- **Patience and active listening**
		- Mindfulness
			- Micro-moments of mindfulness
			- Micro-journaling
	- === **WELLBEING** ===
		- [[What's on my mind today?]]
		- [[What am I grateful for today?]]
	- === **PRODUCTIVITY** ===
		- [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		- [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		- [[What habits did I follow today?]]
			- Daily planning
			- Exercise (10 min)
			- Vape control (app + 1-hr)
	- === **REMINDERS** ===
		- Wellbeing reminders
			- Resist the overachiever
				- The overachiever tends to say:
					- 1.) Achieve more
					- 2.) You're not living up to your potential
					- 3.) Don't waste time.  Be productive.
					- 4.) I am your only motivation to succeed.  Without me, you would never do anything.
					- 5.) I will concede that the last 18 million times I have told you this it has been repetitive dumb thinking, but __this time it's real__.
			- **OCPD**: Note urges
			- **Productivity**: eat the frog; do B- work; randomize small decisions
		- Work / IPD reminders
			- **Patience and active listening**
		- Mindfulness
			- Micro-moments of mindfulness
			- Micro-journaling
- 1-1 w [[Nidhi Narasimhan]]
	- We collaborated on a doc on meta pay test strategy
	- Nidhi will publish
- [[Amazon]] data sharing review w [[Sagar Pilania]], [[John Hegeman]]
	- JH: This data sharing solution is not meaningful if it only applies to a small percentage of Amazon's traffic
		- Our current iRev assumes Amazon is sharing signal for 70%+ of their ads
		- Won: arguing against this; we should work w Amazon even
		- JH: We need internal alignment on what % of Amazon traffic we're getting for this to be worthwhile
	- Data sharing options
		- JH: option 2 is a good place to start first
	- JH final comments
		- Canonical list of questions and follow-ups
			- Clarify what % of Amazon's ad spend will provide sufficient iRev to justify Meta's investment in data sharing
			- Viability of this experience not being subject to ATT and OBA
				- Timeline for resolving these questions
				- ATT - ideally not subject
				- OBA - path to making it subject
			- Data sharing
				- Get ALL data from new experience - not subject to 1PD / 3PD
				- Focus on DFCA for BAU traffic
			- 1P vs 3P
			- Shopify risk
				- How will Shopify respond when we start doing this? How are we going to message to them? Can we do something similar? Message that we're already doing Meta Checkout which is similar
		- Recurring updates to this broader group
	- My comments
		- I think there was a fundamental misunderstanding between JH and our Amazon team. We were proposing these data sharing options for traffic from new initiatives, whereas JH was assuming these are being proposed for Amazon's BAU traffic + traffic from new initiatives.
		- JH believes that this is not a worthwhile investment for Meta unless it is also includes majority of Amazon's BAU traffic. We need internal alignment on what % of Amazon's ad spend will provide sufficient iRev to justify Meta's investment.
	- DONE Share notes to Sagar - 1/1 doc
- 1-1 w [[Andy Nelson]]
	- Agenda
		- Intros
		- Past work done
		- Can you help me understand the playbook?
	- About Andy
		- Focus on Basic Ads
		- Redefining new topline metric to take on second order effects
		- Some exposure to SG playbook
		- Lives in Bellheaven - close to Menlo Park
	- Andy's SG efforts
		- Andy came back from paternity leave and was evaluating new projects to work on
		- Playbook to be owned by Ida - developed by Ida + Yuhui + Salvatore Cacciola
		- Andy was going to use playbook to size 1PD bets
	- Overview of playbook
		- Need a way to size 1PD bets
		- Traditional way of sizing is to train a model and do experiments; but need a quick way to do analytical sizing; need a standardized method
		- Goal of playboook is to be a source of truth for sizing
		- Playbook based on recovery rate
	- How does it work?
		- Total loss = headroom = from SLv2 baseline
		- Multiply that by what % of conversions
		- See Sal's slides
	- People
		- Jill working on 3PD playbook
		- Ida - super busy but should make time to help
- 1-1 [[Liyuan - Steve Kannan recruit]]
	- About Liyuan
		- EM supporting XI - cross platform integrity - looking for imposters on IG + FB
		- Joined Meta last August; before that Amazon Alexa, before Microsoft Bing
		- ML / AI
		- Exploring EM opportunities - chat w Sha / Steven / Yuhui
	- About 1pd
		- Two goals
			- Use 1PD to improve
			- Drive more revenue from offsite to onsite
	- What's the role of EM?
		- Supporting team health, people growth, wlb, etc.
		- Deep dive w TL on technology investment
		- Partner w PMs and XFNs to figure out long term investment for the team - allocate bandwidth
	-
- 1-1 [[Mandeepak Singh]]
	-