- [[Daily journal]]
  collapsed:: true
	- === **WELLBEING** ===
		- [[What's on my mind today?]] 
		  collapsed:: true
			- Hello sir! Is this the first time I'm writing my journal in Logseq? It very well may be. How long has it been since I migrated from Roam? Not more than 2 weeks. 1-2 weeks I think. Maybe 10 days. What do I think of this app in comparison to Roam? There are some pros and some cons. Let's start with the pros.
			- Roam vs Logseq
				- Advantages of Roam
					- Web app with cloud native; don't need any separate sync service or client
				- Advantages of Logseq
					- Todo system is much more advanced; can have daily queries and advanced queries giving me whatever dashboards I need and a way to have day to day visibility of tasks and what's slipping.
					- More customizability with plugins and queries
			- Logseq vs Notion
				- Advantages of Logseq
					- Perfect for daily journaling and capturing as I go
					- It's a sidebar for my life with quick capture
					- I can have everything in one single place - notes and tasks
				- Advantages of Notion
					- Logseq is already limited; I anyway need a separate tool for collaboration for which I was using Google Docs. Also I was personally using Google docs for any structured thinking like tables and databases. For all those use cases Notion is better than Google Docs so I switch there
					- Also, the task management system in Logseq or Roam hasn't been working too well for me has it. The improvements with Logseq are great, but the fundamental problem still exists that I'm staring at a long list of tasks without a great way to sort and prioritize and connect to my larger level goals. Why can't I do this in Logseq? I just can't add too many tags and filter by those, it's not designed for that.
				- Disadvantages of Notion
					- My system will no be fractured between two places. I'll work in Logseq and do my day to day capture there, but I will need to switch to Notion for task management and structured thinking.
					- At least if Logseq develops a web app this will be a bit easier - I can have Logseq and Notion in the same window as my sidebar. Until then I need two things, but perhaps it's not the worst thing?
				- How I move?
					- I need to set some limits on this. First of all I have until this weekend to initialize my system. What all do I want to migrate? Everything? There's not much advantage to me having the notes and tasks integration for anything other than work and meeting notes. Really the star use case of Logseq is meeting notes and fleeting notes I think. The personal todos being in Logseq is already not helpful. So I can move out ALL the personal todos out of Logseq. Maybe at some point I'll develop a cadence of being able to keep only the important or active stuff in Logseq, but for now I don't have that.
					- Rules - Spend max 5-10 hrs and finish first migration by this weekend. Then can spend no more than 2 hrs per week on tweaking the system. Any more larger system overhauls will have to wait till next quarter.
					- I can start this migration now. Well, make sure I first do my work and then do the migration stuff
			- Starting a routine again
				- I'm going to journal and meditate several days a week with Rukma. That's great! This journaling is very helpful. Meditation will also be. Just meditate for 10-15 minutes a day. Goal is to journal for 15 mins and meditate for 15 mins. Keep it to 30 mins max for the routine. That's more than enough.
				- At some point later I will layer on exercise also - but that's a next step that I don't have to think about for now. Start with small baby steps. What kind of meditation to do? I could do a silent one, but Rukma will want to do a guided one I think. Let's pick a 15 minute guided meditation to do. Let's see what happens
		- [[What am I grateful for today?]]
	- === **PRODUCTIVITY** ===
		- [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		- [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		- [[What habits did I follow today?]]
			- Daily planning
			- No vaping
- Work tasks
  collapsed:: true
	- MC doc
	- OBA doc
	- Strategy doc
	- UGC doc
	- Resiliency f/w
- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]
  collapsed:: true
	- 1PD HVR
		- Resiliency framework
		- Strategy paper - does it need resiliency?
		- Shop Ads change?
	- OBA FSC review
		- DONE Can this be approved by previous PXFN?
		-
	- GenAI
		- DONE Talk to Arun
		- DONE Gen AI for ranking WP post - Sagar sent me
	-
- 1-1 w [[Daniel Seo]] - [[watercooler conversations]]
  collapsed:: true
	- About Daniel
		- Incoming BTA at Deloitte; USC senior - data analytics
	- ChatGPT
	- Summarizing text with Notion AI
		- Get a quick overview before deep diving
		- Case studies from class
		- Allows longer text than ChatGPT
	- Writing papers - e.g. Warby Parker cost drivers
		- Ask ChatGPT what are the cost drivers and get the high level points
		- Then put the high level points into Google etc.
		- Improve structure of writing - restructure - spin it few times
		- Clean up grammar and structure
	- What do you wish you could do w AI?
		- Technical classes - coding - want to quickly improve code - ChatGPT doesn't give different solutions - takes a while to get where you want
		- Excel - manipulation and changing
		- Writing summarization - good at high level insights, but not finding key points
	- My takeaway
		- DONE Really smart guy - using AI a lot - tell him this
- 1-1 w [[Adam Ketterling]] - [[watercooler conversations]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Intro
		- UC Davis Econ, then MBA, banking, now looking into PM
		- Working at Keysite technology, like HP
		- Options
			- Internal transition
			- Internship
			- Join consulting
	- How are you using AI?
		- Cleaning up communication and writing
		- Emails
			- take ideas and make sure thoughts are precise and clean
		- Teaching for MCIT project
			- Ask for
		- Cover letters
			- Want to talk about key points from experience relevant to the role
			- Then gave it more info and data about himself
			- Then revised the letter
			- Didn't want to provide the whole resume - instead wanted to provide key information; talked about understanding client needs
		- Resume
			- Access to professional MBA help
		- Would you pay for this product?
			- Yes, I'd try, but I want to see some value
			- Need: do it once and then monthly
			- He cares a lot about formatting
	- My Qs
		- Have you used any AI tools or apps that have really made an impact on your day-to-day life? How have they helped you?
		- Are there any areas in your personal or professional life that you wish an AI tool could help you with?
		- How do you see AI changing the way we live or work in the next few years? Do you have any predictions or hopes for new AI-based solutions?
		- Do you know of any industries where you feel like AI could make a big difference, but hasn't yet? What kind of opportunities do you think are waiting there?
		- What do you think are some essential skills for people working at AI startups? Any tips on how to develop those skills?
		- Have you ever tried using an AI tool or service that didn't live up to your expectations? What went wrong, and how do you think it could be improved?
		- Can you think of any personal or professional pain points you've experienced that could be solved by AI? How would you envision the solution?
		- In your experience, what are some examples of AI being used creatively or in unexpected ways? Did it inspire any ideas for potential AI solutions?
- Watching life design by [[August Bradley]]
	- Entities
		- Pillars
			- Career
				- Core job
				- Capacity
				- Career development
			- Extra-curricular
			- Growth
			- Home/life
		- Goals
		  collapsed:: true
			- Value goals - like objectives, non SMART
			- Goal outcomes - like key results, SMART
		- Habits
		- Projects
		- Tasks
	- Alignment zone
	-