- Misc
	- DONE Consolidated career development plan for self + Anna + Brian P + Sagar #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2023-W14
	- TODO Become mentor for mentorcruise #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]
	- TODO Use CGM #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2023-W14
	- DONE Damien message [[February 13th, 2023]]
	- DONE Find [[lawyer]] for [[Adobe Legal Case]] and case #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2023-W9 [[February 27th, 2023]]
		- Platforms
			- Avvo
				- Messaged 10+ people offering free consultations in area of employment law
			- Legalmatch
		- Outreach message
			- Hi, I'd like to request a virtual consultation to seek advice on the below matter. Could you please let me know how to schedule a virtual consultation and how much it will cost? I would like to have this consultation before 2/17/2023 if possible. Thank you!
			  
			  Summary of matter: My former employer's legal counsel has sent me a notice stating that "COMPANY has flagged electronic records that indicate that you may have retained COMPANY Proprietary Information via files copied from COMPANY systems in connection with your departure from COMPANY ... a breach of your legal obligations to COMPANY under at least your Proprietary Rights Agreement."
		- Questions
			- How to approach initial call?
				- What to disclose?
				- How to reply to questions like
					- Did you download information?
					- What information did you download and why?
			- What are the consequences if I don't cooperate?
- DFCA meeting w [[Gillian - Ads Targeting]], [[Ida Li]], [[Mandeepak Singh]], [[Brian Truong]]
	- Intros
		- Intro [[Ida Li]] - transitioned to full time Signal Growth QB - past focus on IG side
		- Intro [[Gillian - Ads Targeting]] - DS manager for Ads targeting
	- About DFCA x Shopify
		- Collaboration w Shopify audiences product; covers 11% of Shopify revenue
		- Shopify is sending names and emails of people for custom audience creation - used for targeting - per advertiser
		- Previously didn't know who these people are - now trying to get that mapped on to who the customer is
	- How can this help with SL recovery?
		- Gillian says it can be used for labels but not features
		- Right now we already get a lot of label value from 1PD platform; so DFCA may not be net new here
		- May be incremental from feature perspective
		- We don't have an understanding of SL baseline for targeting - currently thinking about DFCA for ranking rather than targeting
- 1-1 [[Saurabh Chokshi]]
	- Saurabh's agenda
		- Overall plan w Meta Checkout - Saurabh i STO
		- A/B testing plan w Vitaly
		- Intros
	- About Saurabh
		- 2019 - 2021 - FB commerce; left for short stint; Rejoined Meta June 2022 on same team
		- Earlier focus on Commerce onsite checkout; now focused on Meta Checkout; STO for all Meta Checkout - all the way through the stack - integration w Shopify - Ads - etc.
	- Meta Checkout strategy within Commerce
		- Overall strategy divided by TAM -
			- $2B advertising TAM for US Shopify sellers (+ $3.3B outside US)
			- $3B TAM for DIY segment for non-shopify sellers; Meta Checkout SDK
			- System integrator path - neither Shopify nor SDK
		- Commerce side focuses on Shopify team
		- MFT team focuses on SDK / Meta Checkout
		- DONE 1-1s w Paul and Amita #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]]
	- A/B testing plan w Vitaly
		- House Ads team feels they need to spend more time than expected to ramp-up Vitaly
- 1PD meet w [[Jorge - Meta MFT]] on CTX messaging
	- Have a lot of signal, trying to figure out how to get value out of this signal
	- CTX in business messaging org - who builds those models?
	- People are buying things
- 1-1 [[Ida Li]]
	- Agenda
		- Intros and roles
		- DS framework
	- About Ida
		- Just transitioned from IG to Ads SG DS QB
		- Focus on providing centralized guidance on facts, methodologies, frameworks for SL
		- Focus on cross-cutting high-pri projects
	- Immediate focus
		- Signals LRP - will take up a lot of time in near future
		- Signal Loss - holistic approach to understand how much revenue is impacted by SL
		- Internal housekeeping - sizing review process is missing
	- What happens after DS analysis?
		- Fill in gaps for OC
		- Better leverage existing 1PD
	- Ida's disagreement w Damien
		- Past work done in track 2 on portfolio approach
		- We need to loop in Core ML DS more
		- This should be broader beyond OC - CoreML has this limited perspective
		- iRev can also come in new ways beyond SL mitigation
	- Two main approaches
		- 1 - revenue share analysis; which segment of revenue has the most loss and where can we fill gaps w 1PD
		- 2 - signals analysis; what is the value of signals holistically; what are new opportunities (this is missed in the 1st appraoch)
	- DS side
		- Mitali is track 2 DS QB - she is tracked with this work; Ida wants to be more involved;
		- Liquan's team will also contribute a POC to this
		- DONE Align w Ida + Damien on high-level framework
			- What are we asking DS to do?
			- How are we going to use this information?
	-
- [[Amazon]] Meeting w external
	- Content moderation
		- Leon: When will we show "sponsored by Amazon"?
		- Mike James: need to ensure content is moderated by Amazon before "sponsored by Amazon"; dig deeper into moderation
	- Milestones sequence
		- Mike James: Milestone 1 seems the most challenging and milestone 2 is most impactful for Amazon
- 1-1 [[Brian Pong]]
	- Brian's goals
		- Likes to understand what other teams are doing; challenges they're facing; learning about situations; also learns a lot from it
	- Past things Brian has helped mentees with
		- Junior PM - help work on strategy - how to start understand work when there's low understanding
		- Helping people drive other PM axes like org contribution
		- Helping XFN collaboration and resolving conflict
	- What Brian can help with
		- Driving strategy and process
		- Helping establish process
	-
- [[Therapy]] with [[Tucker Peck]]
	- Conversation with parents
		- 1-1 vs. group call?
		- Pre-write? Vs. bring it up in email
	- TODO Email to parents #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2023-W15
		- Intro
			- I really love you guys, but I'm sad about some aspects about our relationship
			- It's really really important to me that we have a better relationship - talking to therapist
			- Some of my friends (or Rukma) seem closer to their parents
		- Issues
			- Relationship feels distant; we don't disclose much to each other; we're not really vulnerable with each other
		- My learnings from Rukma on closeness
			- Talk a lot about or emotions and the relationship - tell each other when we're feeling close vs. distant
			- Physical closeness - hugging
			- Verbally reaffirming that we love each other
			- Unconditional love, trust, and support; e.g. being the person you call when upset or need help
			- Nonjudgemental - being able to disclose without fear of being judged - without getting advice - getting validation of my expertise and life choices
		- My ask
			- Talking about the relationship - can we talk about how we feel about the relationship?
			- Understand their needs and wants - do you want more from this relationship?
	- Conversation strategy
		- Keep it light in the beginning - maybe just send a short / brief message
		-