- Dana Deepali
	 - Hi Dana, hope you're doing well! 😊 Deepali requested this review meeting (details in linked doc), and I was wondering if you could help set this up from her calendar? Thanks very much in advance!

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Tm04o4ZYia9ipR8Hj7og9PNArXreHgyQFlzpukX0aEo/edit?usp=sharing

- 1-1 [[Kaolin Fire]]
	 - Intro
		 - Bachelors in bioelectrical engineering - wanted to build cyborgs - but that's far off - so fell back on CS

		 - Started in CV - text recognition

		 - Joined NPE - 

		 - 8 months ago - idea for simple project - infinite feed of AI generated images (with no user data) - standalone app - just when DALLE / midjourney / etc. were being released

		 - Led to TPA agreement with OpenAI

	 - About NPE
		 - 200 high quality product swings per year - standalone or FOA

		 - Originally for underserved communities - but those projects got cut in layoffs - NPE is now completely cut out

		 - Kaolin needs to move to Community messaging org, but trying to get into Gen AI org

	 - GenAI org
		 - Want to connect research to production

	 - Timeline
		 - Prototype forums next week and beyond - people will come to the app

		 - 7am Weds would be ideal

		 - NPE is being shutdown and we are using their Firebase account and Azure account - next month

	 - Dev
		 - Install npm - npx - yarn start

	 - Hackathons
		 - NPE team will be the hackathon lead, but hackathon coordinator position is going away

		 - Planned for Summer - but not sure with year of efficiency

		 - LLAMA - should be available for everyone

	 - DONE Production next steps
		 - Cann I play around?

		 - Whats' the deadline?

	 - DONE How to stay more plugged in?
		 - Thanks for giving me this opportunity and plugging me in

- GPT hack session w [[Sam Goodwin]], [[Jay Agrawal]]
	 - Sam G - intro
		 - Everyone interested in LLMs

		 - Come together to discuss potential prototypes / ideas and maybe hack something together?

	 - Michael Briggs - intros
		 - [[Michael Briggs]] - Founder of Novo studio

		 - [[Radu]] - engineer - low level code - full stack - owns a company part of studio

		 - Shailinder - full stack dev

		 - [[Trevor Adelman]] - CTO of analytics company - anomaly detection

		 - [[Jason Briggs]] - brother of Michael - mover and connector

	 - About Novo studio
		 - Invests and builds companies

		 - System integrator app - Stitching together hardware and software

		 - J2 - 2007

	 - General ideas
		 - Owning domain knowledge is key

	 - Use case - building network management
		 - Buildings have house, thermostat, HVAC, doors, etc.

		 - Ask questions and create ontology from database

		 - Have a community of system integrators - use different product lines to upgrade buildings

		 - Tag, organize, and update database of buildings

		 - "Show me the energy from last week and normalize for temperature"?

		 - "I have a two story house with thermostat, etc... "

		 - Persona: building owners and managers

		 - Existing databases and protocols in this space

	 - Industry: building automation
		 - https://bacnet.org/

		 - 

- 
