- Carnitas recipe

- Exam study

- [[fastai course 2020]] Lesson 1
	 - About this course
		 - This is the first "stable" version of the course (the past were like beta versions)

		 - Top down approach to learning based on David Perkins: Play the whole game first.

	 - About fastai library
		 - High level "layered" API for pytorch, with built in best practices of deep learning.

	 - History of AI
		 - Development of perceptron neural network

		 - AI Winter: perceptrons can't do much

		 - Deep learning: adding extra layers

	 - Intro to machine learning
		 - Regular programming: data -> program -> output

		 - ML: data, output -> ML training -> program

	 - Questionnaire
		 - (If you're not sure of the answer to a question, try watching the next lesson and then coming back to this one, or read the first chapter of the book.)
			 - Do you need these for deep learning?
				 - Lots of math T / F, NO

				 - Lots of data T / F, NO

				 - Lots of expensive computers T / F, NO

				 - A PhD T / F, NO

			 - Name five areas where deep learning is now the best in the world.
				 - NLP

				 - Computer vision

			 - What was the name of the first device that was based on the principle of the artificial neuron?
				 - Perceptron

			 - Based on the book of the same name, what are the requirements for parallel distributed processing (PDP)?
				 - 

			 - What were the two theoretical misunderstandings that held back the field of neural networks?

			 - What is a GPU?

			 - Open a notebook and execute a cell containing: 1+1. What happens?

			 - Follow through each cell of the stripped version of the notebook for this chapter. Before executing each cell, guess what will happen.

			 - Complete the Jupyter Notebook online appendix.

			 - Why is it hard to use a traditional computer program to recognize images in a photo?

			 - What did Samuel mean by "weight assignment"?

			 - What term do we normally use in deep learning for what Samuel called "weights"?

			 - Draw a picture that summarizes Samuel's view of a machine learning model.

			 - Why is it hard to understand why a deep learning model makes a particular prediction?

			 - What is the name of the theorem that shows that a neural network can solve any mathematical problem to any level of accuracy?

			 - What do you need in order to train a model?

			 - How could a feedback loop impact the rollout of a predictive policing model?

			 - Do we always have to use 224×224-pixel images with the cat recognition model?

			 - What is the difference between classification and regression?

			 - What is a validation set? What is a test set? Why do we need them?

			 - What will fastai do if you don't provide a validation set?

- [[fastai course 2020]] Lesson 2
	 - Validation
		 - Validation is a way of avoiding overfitting. But It's possible to overfit even when using a validation set.

		 - Validation metric is what we use to judge the performance of our model.

		 - Loss vs metric: Error rate is a metric. The underlying loss may be changing without impacting the metric. 

	 - Transfer learning and fine tuning
		 - Keep the underlying layers from a larger generic model, but fine-tune the final layers for your use case.

	 - Statistics and p-values
		 - P-values are the standard metric for success in medical science, but it can easily be hacked.

	 - DONE Building good data products by Jeremy #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

	 - Building your first model - classifying black bears, grizzly bears, teddy bears

	 - Questionnaire
		 - Can we always use a random sample for a validation set? Why or why not?

		 - What is overfitting? Provide an example.

		 - What is a metric? How does it differ from "loss"?

		 - How can pretrained models help?

		 - What is the "head" of a model?

		 - What kinds of features do the early layers of a CNN find? How about the later layers?

		 - Are image models only useful for photos?

		 - What is an "architecture"?

		 - What is segmentation?

		 - What is y_range used for? When do we need it?

		 - What are "hyperparameters"?

		 - What's the best way to avoid failures when using AI in an organization?

		 - What is a p value?

		 - What is a prior?

		 - Provide an example of where the bear classification model might work poorly in production, due to structural or style differences in the training data.

		 - Where do text models currently have a major deficiency?

		 - What are possible negative societal implications of text generation models?

		 - In situations where a model might make mistakes, and those mistakes could be harmful, what is a good alternative to automating a process?

		 - What kind of tabular data is deep learning particularly good at?

		 - What's a key downside of directly using a deep learning model for recommendation systems?

		 - What are the steps of the Drivetrain Approach?

		 - How do the steps of the Drivetrain Approach map to a recommendation system?

		 - Create an image recognition model using data you curate, and deploy it on the web.

		 - What is DataLoaders?

		 - What four things do we need to tell fastai to create DataLoaders?

		 - What does the splitter parameter to DataBlock do?

		 - How do we ensure a random split always gives the same validation set?
