- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - This is my journal for today. Doing only ten minutes because the run / other schedule went a bit late. The coordination. I think the plan is to do running for me on TuThSa, and she can do Sa,M,W. That's a good schedule I think. The other days we do each of our shorter routines.

		 - OK. What else? The photos came out yesterday, and they look great! :) We have to pick some and send them to the photographer for further editing, but mostly, I think what we have is already quite good. We just have to choose a couple of good ones from the edit that can be shared further.

		 - OK, what else? What's going on with work? Well, I figure I'm blocked today with the dataset ingestion and LUMA demo work. It's OK. It's at least getting me deeper into the product. Better than other things I could be doing with my time I think. I should directly work with it in Platform. I can also try programming via API at some point, but for now just stick to the platform UI. I don't know SQL too well, but maybe this is an opportunity to try it out and learn a bit better.

		 - What else? Outside work? What am I going to do? Look at the photos today. Yes, maybe that's a multitasking opportunity while I wait for the dashboard to get ingested, etc.

		 - OK, outside work? I talked to Jurgen yesterday about goals, and it makes total sense that I need to not focus on so many things at once. That list is just too huge. I should put it aside and treat it as a someday / maybe list. Pull into this quarter / year something that I'm comfortable making progress on. That should be the purpose of quarterly review. To exclude things that don't need to be there. That itself is a huge benefit. The purpose should be to give me the freedom to not be worried about this shit. It should give me a license to enjoy myself knowing that the other things that I'm not doing are anyway not targets or goals for the present, they're just someday items. 

		 - What else do we want to think about? Started meditating again, but that's going super slowly. I'm not sure. What technique am I following? I'm doing TMI following the breath. That's fine. I do think at some point I should try to find another technique. But for now this is totally fine for me. I'm happy with it. Just keep doing it.

		 - Exercise stuff is also going well. Maybe the digital minimalism and reading can at some point be implemented? That's just about hmmm... There are two aspects to it. One is the day to day, and the other is about building longer habits. no, i mean going on some retreats once in a while, that's the other part. Or having weekends blocked for disconnecting.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Working on [[Luma Demo Dashboard]]

- Photos
	 - _SIM7171.JPG
_SIM7182.JPG
_SIM7212.JPG
_SIM7222.JPG
_SIM7226.JPG
_SIM7238.JPG
_SIM7244.JPG
_SIM7253.JPG
_SIM7254.JPG
_SIM7263.JPG
_SIM7266.JPG
_SIM7305.JPG
_SIM7326.JPG
_SIM7329.JPG
_SIM7332.JPG
_SIM7355.JPG
_SIM7391.JPG
_SIM7426.JPG
_SIM7448.JPG
_SIM7460.JPG
_SIM7467.JPG
_SIM7476.JPG
_SIM7477.JPG
_SIM7560.JPG
_SIM7563.JPG
_SIM7564.JPG
_SIM7580.JPG
_SIM7584.JPG
_SIM7595.JPG
_SIM7596.JPG

- Modera reimbursement
	 - hotel-1: 133.75

	 - hotel-2: 240.76

	 - food-1: 50.60

	 - food-2: 23.65

	 - food-3: 77.57

- Call with [[Alex Popper]]
	 - About the product
		 - Computer vision for fast food space to improve operations.

		 - Fast food restaurants install security cameras, and the product tracks how long it takes for customer interactions.

		 - Speed of service. That's just one thing. Can also track a bunch of other stuff, like are the floors being cleaned.

	 - Company
		 - LOIs from taco bell, dunkin donuts, starbucks, etc.

		 - POCs with customers

	 - About the team
		 - Alex + Alberto - cofounders

		 - Two full stack engineers - contracted out

	 - Role
		 - Half role is traditional PM.

		 - Second half is chief of staff for Alex; Finance, Operations, logistics, etc. Alex wants to focus on business development.

- [[Luma Demo Dashboard]] Meeting with [[PK]]
	 - Mathiu ingested by creating a custom XDM schema

	 - Get into Mathieu's org
		 - Copy existing datasets as my own tables

		 - Then create my own base tables by running the queries

		 - Mathieu did this for PK, and then that org that was used got Deleted.
