- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - Expedia call. This is one of the things I don't like about AEP culture. It's very sales driven. We're always chasing after the next big thing, but no time to harden what's there. Right now Meera wants us all to prioritize Applied AI projects in our areas. But this request seems so random. There's no strategy guiding this. So hold on, the problem being described sounds like just bad leadership? Yes, it's a combination of two things: enterprise sales culture, and generally poor enterprise software culture. I think with consumer software you can be more innovative, and one can make better designed products. Can also be more data driven. Hold on. Focus on the key things. Enterprise software is driven by the demands of large customers and their account managers. It's often more important to solve the problems of large customers than it is to solve the problems of several smaller customers. Moreover, I don't believe in our product strategy. Should I actually say this? Prep for the interview and what I actually want to say. OK. 

		 - What else is on my mind? Personal logistics tasks that need to be done. Need to do a big GTD review if not today, then at least tomorrow. Ideally today would be a good time to do this. Get planned and get organized. Plan for the upcoming week.

		 - What else is going on? Parents are going to be here. Need to make a plan for that. Take PTO for that. Get back to them with a plan.

		 - But this is supposed to be a time I explore my feelings! Why not do that? Yes, we can do that. What do I currently have thoughts on? Main things on my mind are work, course, Rukma. All of those things are going well. Why go fishing for problems when none exist? 

		 - I've written very few words today. Funny, I was going to say "quite a few" but they I said "very few", and it's funny how much of a difference that makes. very is modifying the word few and making it stronger, meaning that the "fewness" of the words is accentuated, so I imagine there are like closer to zero words. But quite a few - what's going on there? I'm not sure. That's much more idiomatic and can't easily be analyzed I think.

		 - Email to Tony. Good to go, Tony! Given that we have so much to cover, it may be useful if you (or someone else) could ensure that we stick to the allotted time for each topic.
			 - would be useful for someone to play the role of a moderator 

		 - DONE Take PTO on Tues. and October #[[Projects]]-Work-misc #Projects #2020-W40

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- [[Expedia]] meeting with [[Tony Galindo]], [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]], [[Anil Malkani]], [[Vinod]], [[Sam]] on [[Expedia Experimentation - AEP engagement]]
	 - Introductions: 10 mins
		 - Dusty OBrien
			 - Three different teams within Expedia, trying to unify their stack: Currently using. Hadoop and Spark based batch processing stacks as well as Adobe Analytics stack.

			 - Individual teams: Verbo

		 - Kevin Hobbs
			 - Verbo experimentation team. Works with streaming data.

		 - Gousia Shaik
			 - EG experimentation team

		 - John Meakin
			 - Lead statistician for EG experimentation platform

		 - Meera introduced Saurabh, me, Anil

	 - How we think about Experimentation: 15 mins + Our requirements: 15 mins
		 - Fallback plan is to build a custom batch solution based on public cloud (AWS).

		 - Want to track user behavior sequentially - did a user take action before or after seeing an A/B test page? 

		 - Time period: Experimentation time period ranges from 1 - 12 weeks. On average 4 weeks of data.

		 - Have several disparate data which they want to union together. Joining will require identity stitching. They are exploring their own methods of identity resolution (probabilistic, deterministic, etc.).

		 - Want to ingest data at least hourly. 

		 - Flexible on freshness (how soon the data should be available after ingestion).

	 - Responsiveness / performance
		 - Need response times within 5 seconds.

		 - Cannot be pre-computed, because needs to new answer questions on raw data.

		 - Would approximate results work? No, they need precise results only.

		 - Want to scan 450 billion events * 6 kb / event = 2.7 Petabytes in queries.

		 - Mixpanel returns queries on 90 billion events in 5 seconds.

		 - 

	 - Front end 
		 - Expedia wants to keep its own front end dashboard.

		 - Extension plans: want to be able to have closer integration between dashboard and data. But they want to do it on their own.

		 - They are interested in Adobe only for API, not for front-end.

	 - Functions
		 - Need their own UDFs. They say they will never be satisfied with ADFs.

	 - Data example
		 - Need to run aggregate queries on raw data (e.g. converting raw hits to visitor level data)

	 - UDFs
		 - They want to work with us on co-development basis for developing UDFs so that it's not completely untrusted code. Maybe it can go through some review process.

	 - Mixpanel
		 - Proprietary solution.

		 - Kevin is demo-ing. 

		 - They send 1-2 billion events per day to Mixpanel. Kevin queried about two weeks of data = 14 billion events. Returns in <10 sec.

	 - Gousia's query - performance issues
		 - Simple query with pathing takes 350 seconds for only 3 days of data. If it's more than 2 weeks the query will time-out.

		 - Anil: some optimizations possible with ADLS gen2 and Iceberg, but it will never be at the level of performance they are expecting.

	 - Agenda
		 - PURPOSE:
			 - Experimentation Platform team is evaluating AEP for API usage in computing sequential funnel readouts. We ultimately want to walk away with ideas on how we do this, and timelines for when we’ll be able to do certain things.

			 - Also we’d like to understand your vision and roadmap related to Query Service’s ability to process user timelines, especially via API.

		 - AGENDA:
			 - Introductions: 10 mins

			 - How we think about Experimentation: 15 mins
				 - We track if an individual user does something different only AFTER they saw an AB test

				 - The primitive for experimentation – entity timelines

			 - entityId,

			 - udf_compute_sequential_funnel_state(exposureSpec) __OVER (entityId, time, [frame]) __as denominator,

			 - udf_compute_sequential_funnel_state(exposueSpec, conversionSpec) __OVER (entityId, time, [frame]) __as numerator,

			 - FROM

			 - events_table

			 - WHERE

			 - date>90 days ago[["Data example: 15 minutes" [["This will illuminate"]]] ["Adobe Current Features and Roadmap: 30 minutes"]]
				 - Our target is to wrap up the POC in Q4

				 - Start development Q1 (Jan 2nd)

				 - All features above by Q2 end (June 30th)

- [[QS-UI]] meeting with [[Janhavi]]
	 - Matt is owning the whole legacy platform UI. All the nouns on the left nav. Other UI folks are doing new things.

- QS Sync with [[Anil Malkani]]
	 - Expedia requirements
		 - They have their own identity graph

		 - Want all events to be time-sequenced based on that

		 - Can we project something out of that? Certain columns or certain attributes? That MUST be how mixpanel works.

		 - For these things, we can prep data to build metrics without aggregating (just like profile dashboards).

		 - We need Expedia to align on some metrics. Cannot guarantee performance for entire scope.

	 - Current performance
		 - Gautam's blog on [[Query Service Performance]] has performance info on time series queries vs. id based queries.

		 - https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=DMSArchitecture&title=Optimized+Reads+With+Iceberg#OptimizedReadsWithIceberg-InitialReadperformancewhenwestartedIcebergAdoption

	 - What about profile?
		 - Are they looking for profile?

		 - Are they happy with their identity graph? They can upload their own identity graph into UIS?

		 - QS doesn't currently integrate with profile. No SQL support for profile right now.

		 - DONE Explore queries on profile as Expedia solution - start with Mohit

		 - There is currently no capability to query profile.

		 - Shiv wants to make PQL the language across Profile and Query Service.

	 - Agenda
		 - Discuss Expedia

- [[Adobe Stock Interview]] customer interview with Rukma
	 - General
		 - For creating content - presentation deck, assets for field, etc.

		 - Search process.
			 - Microsoft Brand Central are the only allowable ones.

			 - Working from home type picture - ran a search for "wfh" "remote worker" "man desktop" etc. Found the right one.

			 - Sometimes crop, sometimes don't.

			 - Sizing requirements (banner vs. hero image)

		 - Pain points
			 - Search is a pain. Search terms are not human intelligeible. Have to search for man desktop alone or something specific rather than abstract terms like wfh.

			 - Unsplash has user created collections - very helpful.

	 - Copy space
		 - Usage
			 - Used for blog banner images at VMWare.

			 - Specifically wanted space on desktop / tablet. Likes screens because they're more realistic.

			 - Other type is person's face. Use human beings faces to create emotion. Create happy feelings.

		 - Search - what they want
			 - Search for the image type "blank desktop" or "blank tablet".

			 - Content is important: faces or realistic images (piece of paper)

			 - Background needs a good contrast for font. Need a blank plain colored background. Otherwise, the text is hard to read. 

			 - Color. Needs to be in line with brand colors. Corporate colors important.

			 - Size. Long title. PMMs have descriptive titles. Horizontal vs. vertical size matters (can't split certain words - brand guidelines.)

			 - Shape can't be too weird. Heart shaped space. Roughly parallelogram 

		 - Search - technical
			 - Search term is abstract: "awareness" or "security awareness", "training". Then translates to the concrete things (man, dog, etc.). 

	 - Cheesy
		 - Why
			 - World is very jaded with stock content.

			 - Audience is very sensitive to "marketing fluff" or stuff that's "not real". Especially IT audiences will comment on it and care about it. 

			 - IT people think "marketing is too much fluff" and not real. They react very well to actual product screenshots not stock. (But can't always use screenshots - need banner images and stuff). They use real microsoft employee photos.

		 - Characteristics
			 - Beautiful people, diverse, smiling, holding

			 - People smiling too much and looking into the camera

			 - Like woman smiling with salad meme

			 - Too plastic; too much contrast

			 - To poosed. Too conveniently arranged.

		 - Images
			 - Finger - what does it mean?

			 - nurse pump - what is she doing?

			 - headache woman - not cheesy

			 - Asian woman working - looks focused on something else

			 - black men at desk - too exaggarated gestures

	 - AGENDA

	 - {{embed  ((ce060182-68c9-4ee8-a230-e82b0fc66619))}}

- Coffee Chat with [[Simi Fafowora]]
	 - Simi's story
		 - Transitioned from customer experience strategy role to PM on customer engagement team.

	 - Advice
		 - Tell Shambavi that I'm

		 - Tell Saurabh that I'm not betraying him; I didn't seek this out; it came to me. 

		 - Voice curiosity in exploring, but also voice commitment.

	 - PM vs. Sr. PM
		 - Double edged sword. They may think I'm a good candidate BUT up-leveling may be a dealbreaker

	 - Agenda
		 - When to tell your manager?

		 - How to have this conversation?

		 - PM vs. Sr. PM?

- Applied AI meeting with [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - DONE Applied AI use cases for Meera #[[Projects]]-QS-misc #Projects #2020-W42 [[October 15th, 2020]]

- [[Adobe Stock Interview]] customer interview with [[Natalia Godyla]]
	 - General questions
		 - Role: Management of social channels. Twitter, Linkedin, YouTube, and forums. Need stock photos for posts; look and feel for channel; images for blogs (cover images). Blog content doesn't use stock photos.

	 - Copy space
		 - Use case
			 - Use them for social. 

			 - They call it tier 2 (middle ground between producing your own vs.).

		 - Usage patterns
			 - Go through brand images. Approved by brand. Use stock images for own initiatives outside company.

			 - Search for color scheme. Want the color to be on-brand. Also the shade is important. Color group

			 - Ensure brand consistency. Color.

			 - Elements within the image. Content itself. Medical photos. Inclusion and diversity. Being relevant to the times. Some sites are hyper focused on diversity. Focused on black, or Asian american.

			 - Contrast: Light background on dark text (or vice versa)

		 - Search process
			 - Terms: mobile, cyber-security, 

		 - Pain points
			 - See the same images again and again.

			 - Tagging is frustrating; don't feel appropriate

			 - Have to search something else.

	 - Cheesy images
		 - Copy space feels a lot like staged photos. Feels very cheesy.

		 - Characteristics
			 - Color looks over doctored.

			 - Is the image even realistic?

			 - Lots of reddit threads making fun of Stock photos.

		 - Examples
			 - Doctors group smiling - cheesy; everyone togetehr not realistic

			 - SIngle doctor / nurse looks real

			 - Too much make-up or modeling

	 - AGENDA

	 - {{embed  ((ce060182-68c9-4ee8-a230-e82b0fc66619))}}

- Coffee Chat with [[David Lloyd]]
	 - David is moving to Brazil to be with his gf.

	 - HR Rules are just recommended guidelines

	 - Emphasize two things:
		 - I got re-orged

		 - Recruiter initiated the contact, not me

	 - Interviewers might ask if I've talked to my manager.

- DONE Solo founder micro-startups https://www.reddit.com/r/SideProject/comments/izpdyx/65_solo_founders_making_370000mo

- DONE Sabro fresh hop IPA. Dislike, because it has the "corny" flavor much like Voodoo Ranger IPA.

- 
