- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - What's up my man? Yesterday we got rid of our couch. We sold it to some buyers online. We got a good price for it, but it made me realize that this is really happening. We're really moving out of here. I've had some lovely memories here. This was the place where our love grew for each other. The place where I proposed to Rukma. And the place where we got married! How exciting. But now it's time to move on. And I'm also excited for the new adventures which we have planned We're going to be wandering as nomads for the next 3 to 6 months or more, exploring new places. I'm really excited about this. And we have a car now, which will make our trip much much easier, and make our travel not so tight. I'm sure we'll both look back on this as one of the most exciting times of our lives. Being on the road. Well, not really "on the road", but being nomads. Hurrah!

		 - What else is going on? I'm getting quite tired of work. It's really lame and uninspiring. Most of the shit that I do is quite meaningless. I don't quite believe in it either. Gotta start preparing for Google and FB interviews. That's really my only ticket out. Well, for now at least. I'm going to make that my upcoming project. Maybe that's even something I can do on the road trip a little bit? Rukma could even help me by playing mock interviewer to me. Yes, I think that would be good. Need to kill all other projects and time commitments, and just focus on this one for Q1. Well, also our together stuff with Rukma, but no other silly personal tasks and issues. 

		 - What else am I thinking of. My neck pain. It's getting better and better every day. I'm unable to tell whether the massage is having an impact, or if it's just generally getting better. In any case, the massage does feel good, so there's no reason to stop doing that. Maybe once we get the milk, I can also start giving massages.
			 - DONE Buy massage milk

		 - What was the other thing kind of gnawing at me? Oh yeah, my health and wellness, or diet and nutrition. I'm literally the heaviest I've ever been in a long time. 63.5. Need to take a big pause from the binge eating that I'm doing. Get back to healthy on weekdays and unhealthy on weekends. OMAD was really the best way for me to do that. Why am I giving up on OMAD? Just too much temptation. Now be committed today to stick to OMAD. The only exception is cucumber. I know I will get hungry in the middle of the day, because I've conditioned myself to do so, but this time when that happens, I will drink lots of tea, have a soda, have a mint, and finally have some cucumber with ginger and soy sauce. I do not need to eat during the day. I've got this. How many times have I successfully done this and why am I struggling so much right now? Just gotta do it. Also, it's a good time to take a pause when this happens. Take a pause. Feel the hunger, then apply some of these steps. Also, I'm trying to make OMAD into more of a lifestyle, so why give up now? I should get back into it. Even if I'm not oding keto or any of the other stuff, OMAD I can do.

		 - What else is going on? Some magical, mystical stuff? What are some crazy, out there ideas? Or I could even think about therapy issues. What's going on with the manager / employee split? Hmm.... is that coming up in the OMAD issues? The manager is imposing the OMAD rule and the employee wants to eat? How could I bring more compassion to the part of me that wants to eat? I need to accept and love that part of me. Nourish that part of me. Accept that it is there, and that it is hungry. Make me feel safe and secure. Nourishment will come soon. Bring love and acceptance into my reactions when this happens. After all, neither part of us wants us to become unhealthy and fat. Yes, we know, but it just needs some compassion. Do some metta meditaiton for a minute whenever I feel like I need to eat or break my diet. Be filled with love and compassion.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Jackson endorsement
	 - Jackson is my former classmate from Yale University, where I was very impressed with his ability to excel academically in subjects as diverse as mathematics and linguistics. I believe he will make a great candidate.

- Meeting with [[Brian Pong]]
	 - Interim solution: Before EQS stitching, CJA will directly consume from Data Lake. 
		 - Daily refresh of Identiy Graph and re-keying / re-statement.

	 - Final solution: EQS stitching will be in between everything.
		 - Analytics will do a POC with data re-statements on how to consume

		 - Analytics needs entitlements for CJA.

	 - What is the incentive for CJA to use EQS stitching? 

	 - UX/UI
		 - Identity settings UI - select identity algorithm

		 - That's it - end user shouldn't interact with any more UI. 

	 - Issues
		 - Do not allow custom sessionization right now.

	 - CJA team
		 - Matt Freestone - PM

		 - Raluca Bejan - Eng. counterpart

- Call with recruiter [[Google PM Interview]]
	 - Tags: [[PM Career Development]], [[2021 PM Recruiting]]

	 - What's the recruiting process and timeline like?
		 - Same process whether it's role specific or generic.

		 - Assessing general PM skillset. Will have some folks from a specific hiring team (if there's a fit).

	 - Process
		 - 45 min phone round; strategy and product insight; maybe some analytics; no technical

		 - Virtual on-site 4-5 rounds; one will be exclusively technical

		 - Hiring committee / offer

		 - In parallel, we are assessing team fit (that's why someone from the panel will be there)

	 - Attributes they look for
		 - Product insights and design
			 - creativity; this is what sets PMs apart; ability to understand users and come up with a delightful solution; give SEVERAL options and solutions to a problem

		 - Strategy  
			 - How to monetize the idea. How to assess business viability. KPIs, metrics

		 - Analytics / estimation
			 - Estimation.

		 - Technical
			 - Not coding. More systems architecture. Communication with Enginners.

		 - Googly-ness and leadership
			 - Googly-ness: Ambiguity; putting the user first

			 - Leadership: Bringing a project to completion, influencing without authority

	 - When is the right time to apply?

	 - How should I prepare for the interview?
		 - Spend 10+ hours on interview prep;

		 - Recruiter will send some prep tips; 

		 - Do some mock interviews

	 - When should I ask for referral?

	 - Leveling? What if I get promoted at Adobe?

	 - Other
		 - Send email with 

	 - Roles
		 - Google Colab opening - GCP / Seattle

	 - DONE Questions for Google 
		 - What if

- Meet [[Danny Miller]] on Profile Querying
	 - Danny intro
		 - Danny's role is a Enterprise Architect (really Solution Architect) for AEP; most come from Multi-Solution Architect (MSA) background; Danny has a background in DWH, BI, so he's involved in Data.

		 - Danny's team is like an extension of the PLATO role.

	 - Use cases
		 - ETL / transformation: CSV to other format

		 - Validation / QA use cases

		 - Querying Profile

	 - Profile query use case
		 - Client wants to build a histogram across every single attribute.

		 - Need to query profile attributes

		 - DONE Will clients be charged twice for profile and data lake - compute and data storage

	 - Value prop
		 - Truist wants to export profile daily; for internal analysis

		 - Lot of customers want to do this.

	 - Other
		 - If we allow them to query profiles, that will prevent customers from going elsewhere for their reporting needs.

		 - 

- {{calc  32836.16 - 32854.48}}
