- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Good morning journal! It's the second day of this short work week. Three more days to go. Things are going quite well at work right now and in general. That stuff we already talked about yesterday, not much has really changed since then... it's pretty much the same. All good on the front of work, course, and everything else. Health and fitness also - OMAD is going on well, and I decided to push running until Dec / Jan. But most likely Jan in the new year. Yes, that will be good. 

		 - I continue to remain excited about our moving around life. I know that some things will annoy me, especially in the packing phase, and then perhaps when it comes to settling into my new routine. But that's OK. Will get used to these things and the trade-off will be worth it. We get to explore some new places. That must be fun. 

		 - What else is going on? Had a good conversation at therapy yesterday. Discussed a lot about my early childhood experiences of growing up with nanamma, and then moving around to the UK / US. We talked about how my lack of emotional expressivity or emotional sensitivity could be a feature of some aspects of my childhood - for example, having dad as a role model who is himself quite like this. But that's a rather simplistic interpretation - you father was like this therefore you are also like this. It doesn't take into account all the other factors and nuances that were at play. Then we also talked about the fact that my lack of emotional sensitivity could be a contributing factor to my lack of passion in life. Where I don't FEEL things, but rather always intellectualize things. Like when it comes to feeling what I want. What do I feel like doing? What do I feel like eating? I almost never am able to answer these questions. Similarly, maybe that's why I don't FEEL a connection to almost any sort of work that I do, because I'm downregulating my emotional reaction to it. That could very well be true. Definitely some gentle meditation could be part of the way forward and the cure for this problem. 

		 - How to get back gently into meditation without making it a goal oriented activity? Just sit and do nothing for a while. Have no goals. Maybe that's the kind of meditation that I actually need for the moment. Because all other meditations have SOME kind of objective or task or something of the sort. Do nothing is the only one where there is literally no objective whatsoever. But what about mantra meditation and those other varieties? Yes, that could be a possibility, but I think I should start with do nothing, and then go from there. There can be no harm in doing the do nothing version of meditation. I can let my mind go anywhere and do anything... just don't have any conscious intentions of anything at all. OK. Am I committed to this now? For a while at least? That I'll do my do nothing meditation? Maybe until the next year when I come up with some other sort of meditation plan... maybe to explore transcendental meditation or whatever... until then I can stick with the do nothing variety of meditation. Yes, I feel quite good about this. Now what?

		 - Let me assign myself some plan for the day. Hmm... should I talk in these terms? Of assigning myself things to do? Or rather, let me plan what I will do or what I'd like to do today. Remember to be gentle with myself. Don't be so harsh. There is nothing to be so harsh about. 

		 - Thinking about work related things. SQL Prep UI. I think that seems reasonable for now. Let's see how people react to it. I'll make a small recording and share with Saurabh - then ultimately also with Anil and Meera. I could also incorporate some stuff from Matt Freestone's deck into my deck to set more context and explain how this relates to what's giong on in the world of CJA right now. That's a useful learning. 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- GTD
	 - DONE Make new 595 OH appointment

- [[QS-UPS]] CA meeting with [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - UI Feedback
		 - Prep for Insights flow
			 - First step - discover and select datasets

	 - DONE Schedule Pre-reads #[[QS-UPS]]] #2020-W51
		 - List of audiences
			 - Leadership: Jim, Dave, V, Anil M, Meera, Saurabh, Nikhil

			 - UIS / UPS: Suman, Ben, Mohit, Brian, Saurabh, Nikhil

			 - Doug, KT, Saurabh, Nikhil

			 - V + Nikhil B

			 - Steven Sit + Kevin F + Nick H

			 - Nawathe, Meera, Saurabh, Nikhil

			 - Shiv, Meera, Anil, Saurabh

			 - Architects: Hitesh, Shone, Serge

			 - QS team

			 - DSW + Intelligent Services: Anthony (+ reports), Anand, Meera, Saurabh, Nikhil

		 - Message
			 - [CA Pre-Read] Stitched Experience Events for Insights

			 - The Query Service team is working towards a CA on "Stitched Experience Events for Insights" in 2021-Q1, and we would love to get your feedback. Thanks in advance! :) 

	 - DONE Update UI
		 - 1.   Select datasets

		 - 2.   Identity stitching configuration
			 - a.   In-context from Identities UI

		 - 3.   Filters
			 - a.   Select / de-select columns

		 - 4.   SQL Prep – Query UI
			 - a.   Row-level filters

			 - b.   Aggregation

			 - c.    Joins

			 - d.   Group by

		 - 5.   Test with sample data

		 - 6.   Scheduling
