- [[Daily journal]]
	 - {{[[POMO]]}}

	 - [[What's on my mind today?]]
		 - Yesterday was a weird day. I just didn't feel like doing anything. By anything I mean any work. Why did I feel like that? Well, what did I feel? I was rebelling against work. I just didn't want to look at it - except for required meetings - and at the same time, I was also having all sorts of food cravings. What was the feeling of not wanting to work like? It was a feeling of avoidance. Any fear? I think I was avoiding it, because it seems like a big and hairy task. Really? Translating OKRs into actions is not such a big and hairy task! I should certainly make progress on it today. Can I get deeper into why I didn't feel like working?

		 - DONE Horace keeps climbing surfaces #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

		 - DONE Shower siri solution #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

		 - At a high level I dislike work. That's one of the issues. I don't find it satisfying or meaningful. OK, but that's always there at the background, how come on some days I'm still able to do god work and some days I'm just not able to? Also, perhaps I can take more ownership and steer the company in what I think is the right direction by being involved. By talking to customers for example. Anyway, this is a distraction now. I was feeling a strong resistance to working. I gave into that resitance and just played around all day with distractions. Instead what could I have done? I could take a moment to pause and reflect on what I'm doing and whether it's in line with what I'm trying to do at the given moment. Maybe pause and meditate to observe how I'm breathing and what my thoughts are at that moment. Yes, those are good strategies. Same with the eating? Well, the eating has some different issues too - I'm quite possibly not eating enough. But if that is the case, then I should eat more, but not junk food. That should be a given.

		 - How about today? Do I think I'm feeling better today? Yes, I think so. I got up and meditated and ran. I think today will be better. I will follow the schedule. If I notice that I'm deviating - well, first I'll build in some time for deviation - I'll calm down and observe my breathing. If that doesn't work, I'll close my computer and try to come back to it.

		 - Autocorrects observed: my -> mystery; my -> myself 

		 - Did I learn anything new? Yesterday not much. Today I continued listening to Ancient Greece in the story of civilization. I'm learning about how the Greeks were a very diverse set of civilizations that slowly became united over time much like a league of nations or a European Union. That's interesting.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - Translating QS OKRs to JIRAs and todos!

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		 - Yes, translated OKRs to todos. JIRAs are still pending, but no rush to do it!

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - 6pm: Salad + protein + beans

		 - 9pm: Apple + lots of sweet yogurt

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Morning routine
	 - Together
		 - 6:30 - 7: wake up

	 - NM
		 - 7 - 8: Meditation and exercise

		 - 8 - 8:30: Shower and get ready

	 - RS
		 - 7 - 8: Exercise and shower

		 - 8 - 8:30 - Puja, meditation, etc.

	 - Together 
		 - 8:30 - 9:00: Morning journal

- Messaged Trevor for Luma CJA access
	 - Hi Trevor — As discussed yesterday, could you please add CJA to the following org:
		 - Org name: Luma PM

		 - Org ID: E95186D65A28ABF00A495D82@AdobeOrg

- AEP Architecture overview video
	 - https://video.tv.adobe.com/v/35266

	 - Great video explaining what AEP does and how it integrates with client's IT orgv

- {DONE}} Post m-13 code to Piazza private #[[Projects]]-MCIT #Projects [[August 4th, 2020]]

- {DONE}} Buy better masks #[[Projects]]-Shopping #Projects

- [[Salsa]] #Recipe
	 - Onion 100g

	 - Jalapeno 25g

	 - Cilantro 15g

	 - Lemon-lime juice 50g

	 - Salt 1 tsp or 8g

- [[Freewrite]] on [[Product Management]] from Dynalist on [[June 23rd, 2020]]
	 - As a product manager, I have two responsibilties. Or rather, I wear two hats. One is the strategic, and one is the operational.

	 - At the strategic level, I am responsible for owning the product strategy and vision for my product area. This requires me to have an understanding of what customers want, why they are using the product, and what need it fulfills for them. I also need to understand the competetive landscape out there. What else could my customers be using to solve their problems? Why do they use my product instead? What's my competetive advantage and differentiation? Then I need to have a strategy and vision for the next 2 - 5 years. Where do I see this product going?

	 - After the strategy and vision, I need to transform this into a roadmap. The roadmap specifies capabilities that I need my product to have over the next 1 - 2 years. Roadmap will be at a lower level of time, more short term. So 1-2 years is good for the roadmap.

	 - Then I get down to the level of features. What are the specific product features I need to build to move the needle on my roadmap / strategy / vision? What's the first piece of the roadmap. Then, once I have the specific feature identified, I need to evangelize this within my company.

	 - Or first I need to validate this. This is validated by talking to customers. Since this is a large enterprise sales product, I also need to talk to my field staff. Solution consultants, implementation people, sales, etc. This gives me a view of the problems and the piroirities. Then I need to evangelize this with the rest of the team. I work in a large bureaucratic organization. I need to convince several stakeholders to move. Get alignment with rest of the product leadership, engineering leadership, UX/UI leadership, executives, etc.

	 - Then I start building the feature by working closely with my engineering and UX/UI teams. I need to come up with a detailed PRD doc first and then break it down into small user stories. Then I work with the engineers and designers on a regular ongoing basis in sprints to flesh out the user stories and to make sure that they get executed. I represent the voice of the customer to the engineers and designers, and I make sure that they get unblocked whenever they need.

	 - That's the overall PM role. Now let me talk specifically about DSW.

	 - Strategy and vision:
		 - we were competing with AWS sagemaker, GCP, Azure ML, etc. I had to understand how we are differentiated from them. The answer was that we have close integrations with the rest of Adobe's experience cloud suite.

		 - We understand the use cases we are specifically targeted at marketers and data scientists who work on marketing orgs. We want to integrate with our datasets, let people activate insights within our ecosystem.

		 - Basically, eco-system and domain specificity.

	 - Roadmap and features
		 - Feature
			 - Data prep

	 - Talked to a lot of customers and one of the pain points was that they had to do a lot of custom data prep before they can get to modeling. Not model specific things, but just general transformations that need to be effected before the data is even usable. Need to apply sessionization logic, need to de-dupe, need to map specific fields.

	 - Data prep, then I broke it down into specific aspects of data prep. First was just a data pipeline API that they could pass data prep jobs to with certain configurations.

	 - Next step was to have a UI with intelligent recommendations for certain transformations and mappings that we commonly see.

	 - First was just a patchwork. In addition to data prep

	 - OK. I can keep listing these thigns. It would probably be useful to do this.

	 - What about thsi other job? It looks really interesting. It's a product that they are using to build AI apps. It's very complementary to fastai. Same kind of philosophy. But can I take it? With my current visa situation am I even able to take on a new job? Yes, I am able to, but if there's a risk of getting fired, then it's more problematic, no? That's always the case. If there's a risk of getting fired... regardless of visa, that's somethign I should be cognizant of. Company might go bust. No guarantees about anything here. Of course, I could get married... citizenship is not the main issue. Then we have to figure out other things.

	 - Responsibilities
		 - Features
			 - Data prep
				 - Customers need it to use our other services or to do their own thing

				 - Start with data prep for intelligent services

			 - DataRobot integration

		 - Evangelism
			 - CAB

			 - Internal field evangelism and demos

- [[Freewrite]] on [[Film Noir]] from Dynalist on [[June 24th, 2020]]
	 - Thoughts on film noir. What are my thoughts on film noir? Let's start with what is film noir?

	 - What is film noir? Film noir is a genre of film that originated in the late 1930s / early 1940s in America. Roughly coinciding with the second world war. The term film noir was a later appellation applied by French film critics (hence the language of the term) who were deprived of American film during the war years, and when they started watching american films again in the post-war years, they suddenly noticed a marked shift in the style, tone, and thematic elements of the films, which led them to characterize it as film noir.

	 - What does this "noir" in film noir refer to? And what was the shift observed by the critics? We can break the genre down into two elements. One is visual style and the other is thematic. If we define the genre in terms of visual style, it is much broader. If we restrict the definition to the thematic elements the definition is more narrow.

	 - What are the visual elements of film noir? This is hard for me, because I'm not so good at observing the visual elements of film. For me, it's as difficult as observing smell and taste. But it is important. Visual darkness is one characteristic. Much of the film will be set in dark lighting. Usually this means that it will be restricted to indoor spaces or to outdoor spaces in the nighttime. Outdoor spaces in broad daylight are a small part of noir, we don't see it much. There's also a lot of play of shadows in the genre. This is super evident in the Third Man where we see the gigantic shadows play a big role. The shadow of the balloon salesman for example in a crucial scene overwhelms the scene. Third man is probably a very classic example of Noir as a visual style, almost archetypical, although it lacks many of the thematic elements of Noir (femme fatale, morally ambiguous / grey protagonist, etc.). What are the other visual elements? One is called chiaroscuro or something like htat. Which means that scenes are shot at odd angles. What about more prominent things? I think noir also involves a lot of feeling of being trapped and confined. The visual style must mimic the thematic sense of the protagonist feeling trapped. Think of Detour, where the guy is boxed in constantly in a car or in a small hotel room.

	 - Next are the thematic elements of noir. Here I'm more comfortable.
		 - Moral ambiguity of the protagonist. The protagonist is usually a grey character. He has one foot in normal american society, and another foot in something a little darker. It may be that they start out completely white, but soon start descending into the greyness as the film progresses. But certainly a big theme is the descent into the grey area. And the viewer finds himself sympathizing with the protagonist who has gone into the grey area. It makes us question why and how come we are rooting for this person. Classic examples are the insurance salesman Neff from Double Indemnity and Bogie from Maltese Falcon. They still have redeeming characteristics, but start descending into grey areas. Flirting with crime.

		 - Criminality. All noirs deal with criminality. The extent of the protagonist's involvement changes, but some crime is at the heart of all noir films. It may be a past crime (out of the past), a crime that recently happened (shadow of a doubt), a crime that one is only flirting with (maltese falcon), or a crime that is at the very center of the entire narrative (double indemnity), but crime is key to noir.

		 - Femme fatale. Not sure if this is called a theme or a trope, but in either case, it is one of the key elements of noir. Not as key as the above points, but quite key. There is a female character who appears to fit the "damsel in distress" stereotype, but ultimately turns out to be a fatal encounter. Often this character forms the bridge or the motivation for the protagonist to get into the world of criminality and greyness.

		 - Fate and the lack of agency. This is one of the more complex themes, but ever present nonetheless. The protagonist is seemingly wrapped up in events that he has no contorl over, or that are spinning out of his control, and he seems to be guided by forces larger than himself a la greek tragedy. This is quite explicit in some films like Detour but in other cases implicit (where?).

		 - Those are the themes I can think of so far.

	 - Is it just American? Yes, the classic film noir is american and it extends from late 30s to late 50s. Maybe 1940 - 1958 is the classic period. But then others started to experiment with this sytle as well. Japanese directors like Kurosawa. Then it was a huge inspiration for the French new wave. Many extended the concept broadly, and this led to the birth of neo-noir as a genre.

	 - One of the most fun things about noir is that it produced a bunch of great films, not just noir films. A tour of film noir is also a tour of great cinema. Filmmakers worked within the confines of this style / genre, but also transcended it and made great films. A film might only be tangentially a noir. For example, this is the case with many genres. Think about horror as a genre. Think even more narrowly about zombie movies as a sub-genre. It's possible to make great zombie movies that speak to ever present human themes.

- [[Freewrite]] on my [[Writing]] projects 
	 - {{[[POMO]]}}

	 - About
		 - #[[Product Management]] #[[MCIT]]

	 - This is a different style of freewrite. It's one of those "what's the current state of project x" type freewrites. It's good for me to be doing this exercise. So what's the current state of my writing?

	 - There are two things going on: one is a bottom up approach and one is a top-down approach. The bottom-up approach is freewriting about topics that come to mind. I'm naturally gravitating towards writing about product management, about mba admissions and about the mcit program. This is just the "collection" phase as Barbara Baig puts it. Or in the zettelkasten / roam methodology, this would count as literature notes. The first phase of getting to evergreen or permanent notes. The only difference is that instead of someone else's brain dump it's my own brain dump. Yes, I think this is the best way to think about it. Then, what has to happen next, is these have to be carefully read and reviewed, and I have to assign tags to each of these freewrites. The tag will clarify what topic it relates to. Then, when I get ready to start writing articles about these topics, what I should do is go and review the tags for that topic and get materials from my freewrites. But that's kind of jumping into the top down territory.

	 - Top down. What's going on here? Here is where I'm actually formulating my writing goals. What do I want to write about? Whom do I want to write this for? What's the list of topics that I want to write about? I think I should ideally have a list of blog posts in mind. Try to get like 5 - 10 posts per topic and use this as a guide to the writing that I do. I need to write about these topics. There needs to be a healthy interplay between the top down and the bottom up. As I start writing, more topics will emerge. As I start listing more topics, I'll have more things to write about. Each will feed into the other. So what's on the top down again? What do I want to write about? Who am I writing this for? What questions am I trying to answer? 

	 - OK, let's now try to do some top down thinking for each of my active writing projects.

	 - Product management
		 - What do I want to write about? I want to write about my experience with product management over the past year+. How did I get into this field, what I've learned about it, how I do my job. I want to focus on generalizable lessons that go beyond what it means to be an AEP / DSW PM at Adobe, and think about what it means to be a PM in general. Where does PM fit into an org? What do PMs do?

		 - Who am I writing this for? Me. I'm writing this for me today - a fresh PM of one year exp. I'm also writing this for me 1-2 years ago - a PM aspirant who wants to learn about what PM is all about.

		 - What are the topics / articles I want to write?
			 - What is product management?

			 - Where does product management fit into an organization? / Why does an organization need product managers?

			 - What does a product manager do?

			 - What skills does a product manager need?

			 - What does a day in the life of a PM look like?

			 - What are the responsibilities of a PM?

			 - Is computer science and software development a pre-requisite for product management?

			 - How much technical knowledge does a product manager need?

			 - What are some useful resources for product managers to learn about the field?

			 - How does one become a product manager?

			 - How do you recruit for product management? How do you get interviews?

			 - How do you succeed at product management interviews?

			 - What are the best things about being a PM?

			 - What are the worst things about being a PM?

			 - How did I become a PM? Why?

			 - What's my life as a PM like?

	 - MCIT blog
		 - What do I want to write about? My journey with the MCIT program. 

		 - Topics
			 - Why did I apply for MCIT?

			 - What am I hoping to get out of MCIT?

			 - How to apply for MCIT? How to make a successful application?

			 - Who should apply for this program? Who will benefit?

			 - How to balance work - life and study while doing the program?

			 - How does this program help with your career?

			 - How does MCIT compare to other programs?

			 - What career resources are available to students?

			 - How much feedback / interaction do you get from professors and TAs?

			 - How long does it take to complete the program?

- Customer discussion guide for [[CJA]] / [[QS]] customers
	 - Marketing operations
		 - What are your sources of customer data? (E.g. web, mobile, POS, call center, etc.)

		 - What are the ways in which you activate your customer data for marketing operations? (E.g. email campaigns, segmentation, web personalization, etc.)

		 - What kind of reports or dashboards do you generate using on your customer data?

		 - What Adobe applications are you currently using for your marketing operations? What non-Adobe applications are you currently using?

	 - IT infrastructure for marketing operations
		 - How does your marketing data integrate with your enterprise IT infrastructure?

		 - What components of your IT infrastructure are used to support your marketing operations? (E.g. Data Warehouse, Query, etc.)

	 - Adobe Analytics / CJA
		 - What are the main limitations of Adobe Analytics for your marketing operations needs?

		 - How does your Adobe Analytics data integrate with your enterprise IT infrastructure?

		 - What components of your IT infrastructure are used to augment Adobe Analytics? What are the use cases?

- [[MCIT 2020 Summer Hackathon]]

- Meeting with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - {DONE}} CJA customer discussion guide feedback
		 - Customers will pay for extra compute to get faster results

		 - Approximate results will be satisfactory

		 - Query engine should improve performance year on year

		 - Tools to capture their intention and optimizes 

	 - redash
		 - look at their offering

		 - Acquired by Databricks

		 - Put together UI vision for QS

- Local backlog review with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]] and [[Anil Malkani]]
	 - DONE QS Entitlements PRD #QS-Batch #Projects #Waiting 
		 - To start with, instead of entitlements, we can have a soft restriction.

		 - We need to check for CTAS queries and check for entitlements

	 - Chained triggers: We are working with Orchestration on event based triggers; Sierra is already doing this, but how do we expose this to customers?

	 - Anil: Event triggering is in the works for internal use cases, but not customer-ready.
