- Meera
	 - Background - follow Saurabh's

	 - Demo

	 - Deep dive slides into

	 - Deep dive section should have a flow

	 - Architecture - move to the front

	 - Saurabh
		 - Start with dataset and schema

		 - Write interesting query - explore iteratively

		 - See result

		 - Templatize the query

		 - Schedule it

		 - Power users can use third party client or API to launch queries; connect BI tool. Three options. Client, API, BI tool

- DONE Email Ottawa about address change

- MBA roundtable
	 - Part 1 - Intros
		 - [[Jay Nanda]]
			 - DSG consultant. Works on AEP presentations.

		 - [[Vivian Mak]]
			 - Former consultant. Currently in strategy.

		 - [[Nara Kim]]
			 - DC i18n PM

			 - Interest in ML; worked in Amazon Search

		 - [[Heba Ansari]]
			 - Background: Kellogg / BCG

			 - PM

	 - Part 2 - intros
		 - [[Amber Nguyen]]
			 - USC MBA

			 - CloudTech IDS PM

		 - [[Kaila Squires]]
			 - Wharton MBA

			 - DSG group

		 - [[Apurva Manvar]]
			 - DX Sales strategy 

			 - Tuck MBA / PayTM background

		 - [[Bernardo Espinosa]]
			 - CloudTech PM

	 - Topics of interest
		 - Navigating collaboration / technical.

		 - What skills are needed

		 - Percentage forward looking vs. 

		 - 

		 - PM life - roles and responsibilities

		 - Product strategy and development

		 - Tools / best practices

		 - ML / AI aspects of job / learning fund

- [[Adobe Stock Interview]] with [[Shambhavi]]
	 - About the Role
		 - Shambhavi is Director - consumer side of Stock. Search, commerce, acquisition, retention, content intelligence. 

		 - Content Intel: Use ML to improve customer journey. Touches both customer side and content side (how to acquire content)

		 - Team of 4 eng. working on this. Responsible for their roadmap. Also for larger ML roadmap on Adobe Stock. Working with Sensei.

	 - Brainstorming exercise
		 - User Feedback: Social justice, etc.; filter search results by ethnicity and gender; information we don't have in the metadata;

		 - Users submit photos, and there's moderation. We don't have an easy way of creating search filters. How to get data accurately and put in metadata?

		 - Idea: Contributors submit model release; consent information data. Some templates have this information. Some templates don't have this info.

		 - Question: 
			 - How do get this info? 

			 - How to evaluate whether ML is the right approach?

		 - NM Solution
			 - Use AI/ML

			 - Enable tagging

		 - Notes
			 - Genders, age groups, ethnicities.

			 - Just ethnicity.

			 - Model release
				 - Don't know what's in the model release.

				 - We accept JPG files. Either typed up or scanned. Types ethnicities. Or check-boxes.

				 - Moderators look for a check-list. Ethnicity is not there.

	 - Stakeholders
		 - I would be PM for 4 eng. in my scrum team.

		 - ASML Liason with Research and Sensei team.

	 - Interview process
		 - Panel interview 1:1s with 
			 - Search PM on S's team: Judy Massuda

			 - Eng. manager for Content Intel. team

			 - Content team lead who manages image curation (in charge of labeling)

			 - Shambhavi again for deep dive interview

			 - ASML team member

		 - Final round with S's leadership team
			 - Rocky Offner

			 - Zeke Koch

		 - Last step - reference checks

	 - Problems I would be working on
		 - Stock: many strategic responsibilities; revenue goals and strategic pillars; competetive space

		 - First main project: Goldmine: Look at person's library; analyze it for content that can be uploaded on Stock, and automate this for passive income. Expose this to customers. What models to prioritize building in order to realize Goldmine vision? Visibility at Bryan Lamkin / Scott Belsky level.

		 - Second project: Search innovation PM collaborate. Sensei ML. No customer UI.

	 - EMBED: {{embed  Adobe - Stock Content intelligence PM}}

	 - {{embed  ((7a0ab907-c85f-4fe1-8282-8e2f24ba5f04))}}

- Interview with Julian
	 - Julian
		 - 5th startup; trained as engineer and economist.

		 - 1: Online book sales; acquired by B&N

		 - 2: Ebay for Bulldozers; sold for $1B

		 - 3: ?

		 - ...

		 - 4: Jetpack; recommendations based on Instagram photos.

		 - Ran Computer Vision products at Google

	 - InsideIQ
		 - Solving the problem of shitty meetings. Tough to capture and share moments and actions.

		 - Meetings are poorly conceived and planned. Manager schedule vs. maker schedule.

		 - Apply CV / NLP techniques to improve meetings.

	 - NM
		 - Productivity geek. GTD. How to make the most of time.

	 - Advice
		 - Do something new; build a new business line or a new product. Give birth to something. Make an assumption and test it against the world.

- [[QS Proficiency deck]] demo
	 - Final
		 - SQL Explore
			 - **Write queries in the Query Editor UI**

			 - **Adobe Defined Functions (ADFs) **for sessionization, attribution, and other marketing use cases (e.g. SESS_TIMEOUT() sets the session duration).

			 - **View your Query results and save your query as a template**

			 - **Use the Log view **to show all queries run in your organization.

		 - SQL Prep: Templatize and schedule
			 - **Use the Browse view **to show all saved query templates in your organization.

			 - **Schedule queries **using the query scheduler UI.

			 - Convert any query into a **Create Table As Select (CTAS) **query by selecting an output dataset.

		 - Third party
			 - Copy **Postgres credentials **from the Credentials tab and paste into any psql client.

			 - Convert any query into a **Create Table As Select (CTAS) **query by selecting an output dataset.

			 - Execute queries and view results from your **third party PSQL client**.

	 - Old
		 - Explore: explore data by writing queries in the query editor UI 

		 - ADFs: leverage sessionization/attribution/ADFs

		 - Templatize: save query templates

		 - Browse view: see saved query templates

		 - Log: see entire query history

		 - Schedule: schedule daily / weekly / etc.

		 - CTAS: Write to new dataset or append to existing

		 - Third party: Access using PSQL client
			 - Copy credentials from credentials tab

			 - Paste credentials into PSQL client

			 - Execute query from PSQL client

- 
