- [[QS-UI]] meeting with [[Janhavi]] and [[Matt Colon]]
	 - Delete UI
		 - Implementation: First disables the schedule, then deletes.

		 - Cannot delete if there are active runs. This is a dependency on Orchestration team.

		 - DONE Push the Orchestration API team to support this functionality. PLAT-52573 #[[Projects]]-QS-UI #Projects

		 - DONE Deletion for QS team: PLAT-73095 #[[Projects]]-QS-UI #Projects

	 - Update UI
		 - DONE Query API doesn't let us update the start date / end date. PLAT-72812 #[[Projects]]-QS-UI #Projects

- PMM sync with [[Akin Ajayi]]
	 - DONE Review [[Frederik Werner]] blog for [[Akin Ajayi]]: https://adobe.sharepoint.com/:w:/s/aec/pmm/EUdq4h5viFNGj09pOMFhIGwB6QItF-AX-ppPwKgL0k2LBQ?e=gT18az

- DONE Rohan demo SOW #[[Projects]]-QS-Collateral #Projects
	 - Transfer dashboard datasets from LUMA to LUMA PM org

	 - Include data prep / API components in demo

	 - Update Tableau dashboard and publish to Tableau server

- DONE Adobe Capabilities Learning Series session on Building Inclusion #[[Projects]]-Work-misc #Projects #2020-W45

- DONE  Adobe Security Awareness Training / Green Belt #[[Projects]]-Work-misc #Projects #2020-W50

- Meeting with [[Meera Srinivasan]] and [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - DONE Create CA/PPC for Identity Export #[[Projects]]-QS-misc #Projects

- Sync with [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - Use cases for CJA - QS interop
		 - Need to articulate use cases

		 - Translation between marketing analyst and data engineer; like translating different languages

	 - Agenda
		 - POC with Brandon

		 - Summit plans

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - OKR review

	 - Agenda

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Discussed relationship with Rohini. How to find the balance between moving on vs. forgetting.

	 - This experience is one that will always be with me in my life as a tragedy. Lot to learn from it.

	 - I have learned a lot about how to improve communication in future relationships, etc. but what about my feelings?

	 - I need to focus on and think about the intensity of my feelings. Feel what it's like to be abandoned and rejected.
