- [[Daily journal]]
	 - {{[[POMO]]}}

	 - [[What's on my mind today?]]
		 - What am I thinking about? Well, yesterday I found out that my proposal plans for this weekend are kind of ruined. Not kind of, but definitely. I need to look up what the outer limit is on the 30 days from Brilliant earth. I think I might be exceeding the limit by waiting for next week. Let me see.

		 - DONE Check brilliant earth return limit - need to call to find out #Projects #Misc

		 - If that brilliant earth limit is not being hit, then it's not such a big deal. Things go on as normal. It's just pushing by one or two weeks. Not a big deal. May be better for me in fact, because I might get my MCIT work done and be more free. Yes, in fact, I think I'll be done with MCIT by next weekend. Or at least, I hope to be. If by today I can finish m12, and get a head start on m13 this week. Probably over this weekend if I work hard, I can nearly finish m13. Especially if Rukma's cousin is coming.

		 - Why is autocorrect not working? If i'm writing in automatic mode how do i test the autocorrect? Why are some basic im things not happening like im getting corrected to i'm but then tc the corretc corretc spelling is not always alawas  being used. Not all words are getting autocorrected but some worsds are getting autocorrected.

		 - With Rukma's cousin and her kid coming over, I'll need to decide if I want to get a hotel for a couple of days or stay at home. What are the advantages of getting a hotel? I'll have peace and quiet - both while working and while sleeping. I won't have to deal with having another person around. I can be totally on my own. Ideally I'd be able to work in the common area of the apartment. What's the downside of going to a hotel? The perception might be a bit weird. It would cost me some amount of money (though not much, and it's possible that the airmattress might cost about as much too). Let us see how that goes. What else is the downside? I'll have to figure out food separately. I'll likely get more work done, or will I? Maybe I will. What are the advantages of staying at home? I can work at my own desk. I can have my own routine in the mornings. Perhaps I can even go for a run in the morning - shouldn't be too difficult. I will have to adjust in terms of just sleeping and morning routine, but that's pretty much the main adjustment that will happen. The work day can still be mostly mine. I'll either go and work in the common area, or I'll work at my desk with my headphones on. One of those two options should work. Ideally it would be the common area, but the one downside of that is the slow internet. Let me confirm that when I go down today. I should be able to make one of those two options work. So the plan is to order an air-mattress and use that for sleeping arrangements. Might have to adjust a bit in the morning with routine. Will mainly be an issue on Saturday, because on Sunday I won't exercise anyway. Oh, the meditation part might be an issue, but I can actually go and meditate downstairs for Saturday, it shouldn't be such a big deal. And if I work on Friday too, then I'll get done with work even sooner.

		 - DONE Order airmattress / hotel

		 - Well, most of my thoughts were around logistical issues. Maybe those were the main things concerning me? I guess that's ok. Now I Can go back to listening to Will Durant about Crete. Oh, but plan my day first!

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - QS - planning / update OKR doc

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- [[QS scrum]]
	 - [[Andrew Chen]] presents postgres idle time-out feature
		 - If connection is idle for <<threshold time>> session will get terminated; max connection time timeout is also another option that Andrew implemented (maybe 24 hours).

		 - Saves cost because we're currently pre-allocating VMs for each session.

		 - PSQL CLI doesn't give a notification (limitation of CLI client)

	 - [[Swapnil Auti]] working on Batch Polling service (Swapnil)
		 - May need UI support

- CJA-QS sync meeting with [[Bret Gundersen]], [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]], [[Dave McNamee]], [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - Solutions for large customer problem
		 - Auto-scale

		 - Offer dedicated cluster for CJA customers

		 - Increase time-out

		 - Finer granularity

	 - Priority
		 - Query performance should be consistent regardless of customer scale

		 - ADF parity is next

		 - Composition views is third.

	 - {DONE}} Set up meeting with Anil, Andrew Chen to evaluate CJA query performance solutions #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #Projects #Waiting

	 - DONE Ask trevor for access to Sony #Projects #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA

	 - Use case: classification rule builder
		 - Customer enters trackign code

		 - Rule builder breaks this into something more meaningful; sometimes its done automatically, sometimes it uses metadata tables.

		 - This needs to be solved by Data Prep.

	 - Analytics has other requirements for Data Prep.
		 - https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=omtrcache&title=Data+Prep+Phasing+for+Analytics+Data

		 - I asked if QS can help with Data Prep. Most of these requirements are pre-ingestion, so that's not somtehing QS can really help with. Keshav needs to figure this out. 

- Anurag / Saurabh issues
	 - Saurabh sent Anurag a pretty aggressive message that I don't have much time to support DSW, and my transition is supposed to be over.

	 - Hey guys — I just want to clarify that I am still very happy to help with ad-hoc DSW issues, but I will just make sure to keep both of you in the loop for all such issues to ensure it doesn't conflict with or impact my QS work in any way!  

	 - I will make sure to keep both of you in the loop for **all DSW** issues that I get involved with. 

- Local backlog review
	 - [[QS-Batch]] 
		 - Query scheduler UX improvements wiki: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/DMSArchitecture/Platform+Query+Scheduler+UX+Improvements

		 - Looks good

- Brainstorm Capacity-Based Pricing for Batch: Data Scanned vs VM Hours with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]] and [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - How do we price Batch SQL usage?

	 - US News asked us to match Google BigQuery pricing.

	 - Google charges per TB scanned: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/pricing

	 - CJA charges per the number of events

	 - AEP charges per number of profiles

	 - Solution: charge per number of profiles, with some limits

	 - For $300k pricing, our COGS should be $30k max for batch query.

	 - {DONE}} FInd out - how much QS can user use for $30k? For $20k? Measure in terms of data scanned and compute usage. #Projects #QS-CG

	 - GTM will implement a soft limit based on above numbers.

	 - Take the reporting query and run that

- Daily Kanban/Bug Review with [[Brenda Lobo]] and [[Tom Silverstrim]]
	 - AEP Customer metrics dashboard: https://jira.corp.adobe.com/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=123520

- {DONE}} Roam Research - [How I quickly navigate in time](https://forum.roamresearch.com/t/how-i-quickly-navigate-in-time/610)
id:: 5bb03eb2-f84a-4234-b955-bf5894163f25
	 - Like the daily note, create pages for year, quarter, and week - each of which have backlinks to the rest.

	 - The daily note page for today will be referenced by three other pages: this week, this quarter, this year

	 - Use this script to generate week number strings: https://gist.github.com/nikhilmaddirala/362680bd050c6a5bca7525db57a4ce5a

- AEP [[PRD template]] meeting with Sneha
	 - Template from [[Elizabeth Sexton]]
		 - Table of contents

		 - Version table
			 - Roadmap / epic link

		 - Prupose
			 - Vision
				 - What problem does this product solve?

				 - Who will use the product?

				 - Why is it important?

			 - Imaginary press release

		 - Future requirements
			 - Define the themes

			 - Sections
				 - Personas (primary, secondary)

				 - Detailed requirements numbered with personas and user stories

				 - Mocks

				 - Technical details

				 - Data flows

				 - Assumptions

				 - What is not included?

		 - Release criteria

		 - Timeline
			 - Stakeholder review

		 - FAQ

	 - Sneha conducted a survey with several AEP PMs on PRDs - what's their purpose? what do people look for, etc.?
		 - Results summarized in an excel sheet - fairly obvious stuff

	 - Miro board on Value proposition and process

	 - DONE Sneha to share examples of successful PRDs

	 - Flowcharts are a way for people to quickly absorb information

- 1:1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Eng team overview
		 - Andrew - costing

		 - Gautam - planning and optimization

		 - Swapnil - short, quick answers

		 - DDOM - PK

	 - OKRs
		 - Expedia PM - slide deck on how Expedia is using, what use cases, etc.

		 - DONE Ask meera who is pm sponsor for Expedia #QS-General #Projects

	 - 

- Top A24 films
	 - https://editorial.rottentomatoes.com/guide/all-a24-movies-ranked/

	 - [Google](https://www.google.com/search?rlz=1C5CHFA_enUS858US858&sxsrf=ALeKk00nfVIhb2mb-6gaKCXB_sXLgd_7aA%3A1596062192154&ei=8PkhX6iQCcHE0PEP6ZKKqA4&q=top+a24+movies&oq=top+a24+movies&gs_lcp=CgZwc3ktYWIQAzIECCMQJzIECCMQJzICCAAyAggAMgYIABAWEB4yBggAEBYQHjIGCAAQFhAeMgYIABAWEB4yBggAEBYQHjIGCAAQFhAeOgQIABBHUJG3IliRtyJgpbkiaABwAngAgAFdiAFdkgEBMZgBAKABAaoBB2d3cy13aXrAAQE&sclient=psy-ab&ved=0ahUKEwioyIKAw_PqAhVBIjQIHWmJAuUQ4dUDCAw&uact=5#wxpd=:true)

- CIT593 M12 Assignment
	 - {DONE}} REQUIRED: Move files to submit folder and submit #Projects #[[Projects]]-MCIT

	 - {DONE}} Stricter error checking for ADD, MUL, etc. #Projects #[[Projects]]-MCIT
		 - Individual arguments should be checked - "R103" is currently acceptable

	 - {DONE}} Different error codes for ADD vs. MUL etc. #Projects #[[Projects]]-MCIT

- [[MCIT-593]] Module 13: Allocating Memory
id:: 7d63cd86-3d28-40c9-bee9-219dc24fdec0
	 - Dynamic memory
		 - malloc / free
			 - malloc and free interact with dynamic memory, i.e., the heap

			 - Calling malloc will allocate heap memory and return a pointer to the heap memory address. Calling free will cancel the allocation / reservation so that heap memory can be re-allocated later.

			 - When using nested mallocs, we need to free in the reverse order!

		 - How long does it last? Global memory vs. heap memory vs. stack memory
			 - Stack memory lasts until another function takes over the stack

			 - Heap memory lasts until it's freed

			 - Global / static memory lasts for the duration of the program

		 - Heap vs. stack
			 - Putting data on stack requires you to specify size in advance. Heap can be dynamically allocated.

	 - Linked lists
		 - Link data structures together using pointers so that we allocate dynamically (e.g. I don't need to know in advance how many customer records I need).

		 - How to program a linked list?
			 - Define the struct in the header file.

			 - Add node function: traverse the list using a temp pointer to look for the end node and add there.
				 - 1. First, Add new customer without linking: Malloc space for new customer, Add id, Malloc space for customer name and copy name in, set next to null

				 - 2. Then, link it to list: create head pointer; update list pointer to point to the end; then point list pointer to the new customer 

			 - Search node function: traverse list until the item matches your search (e.g. id == id)

			 - Delete node function: use two temp pointers - one to search, and one to connect previous to next (remember to free memory!)

			 - (videos includes programming implementation details)

	 - Dynamic memory pitfalls
		 - Memory leaks: forgetting to call free. Java does this "garbage collection" automatically, bu C doesn't.

		 - Buffer overflow: Writing more memory than allocated

	 - ~~Quiz~~
		 - 1, true

		 - 2, ~~act of requesting~~ + fails NULL

		 - 3, stack=compiler heap=programmer

		 - 4, heap avail until deallocate

		 - 5, 1 malloc + programmer request

		 - 6, not contiguous

		 - 7, ~~node malloced as needed at compile time~~, size must be known when malloc called

		 - 8, pointer memory difficult

		 - 9, curr = curr->next

		 - 10, ~~3~~, 1

	 - Assignment
		 - Summary: Build a dis-assembler to take obj file and reverse engineer asm file. Store instructions in linked list, and then traverse the list to translate instructions.

- VS code issues
	 - DONE VS Code remote containers not auto installing extensions specified in devcontainer.json #Projects

	 - On VS Code C debugger you need to add \n at the end of print statements, else they won't show up while debugging. Ref: https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-cpptools/issues/583

	 - 
