- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Hello, and good morning! Yesterday, I had a very long and busy day. Work was busy because of this new project that Meera has me working on, and then I was busy with MCIT because of the 594 deadline coming up, and also because the project is more complex than I thought. 

		 - What about work?

		 - Oh, I also need to decide if I want to pay my USCIS fees by credit card or by money order. If I do money order, it's definitely safe and fool proof. But if I do CC, I won't have to pay it right now, and I'll have some signal as to when USCIS is processing my file. The downside of CC is that if it is declined, then my application will get rejected. What's the chance of CC getting denied? Extremely thin - almost no chance, but still there is some percentage chance, however low, that this may happen. Has this EVER happened to me? It only happened with my debit card, not credit card, and that too it was because the transaction was outside the country. For a transaction within the US on my Chase CC, I cannot imagine why it would be declined, but it's not foolproof. Do I want to risk my application getting denied? The consequences here are too severe. And the benefits not sufficiently worthwhile. That signal of when they processed the payment is a very weak signal. They'll probably give me some official notice which is what actually counts. So, decision is to pay by money order. That's that.

		 - Next topic is work. This entire CA / PPC is very annoying. Or maybe I need to reframe it? I'm working on Data Prep. Which is one of my main areas. This should be able to nicely tie into the larger story I'm telling about what I accomplished and achieved on AEP. OK. Not too bad. Will tie into my behaviorals. Plus I may even get a promotion out of it. What's the downside? I have to do shit which I simply don't believe in. The entire way in which we're developing the UI and the workflow has nothing to do with what customers need or are asking for - it seems totally arbitrary. OK. Let that go now. This is my job. I work for Meera. This is what she wants. Remember that my job also has so many good things that go along with it? How much time off I get! How much free time in general I get. All of that is really great. 

		 - Do I really want to work at FB / Google? I think with Google the answer is clear that I really would want to work for them if only they had a remote work policy like FB. Then it would be my total dream company. But what about FB? FB has remote work now. OK. Here's the plan - I'll apply to both FB and Google in January, and go through the process with both companies, and see what comes out of it. I may need to find a partner to do mock interviews with. OK, all that preparation and stuff I'm sure I can handle. But what about the real question of whether or not I want to do it? I'll be giving up a lot. Work will become a lot more intense for me. I'll have less leave and a less friendly PTO policy. All of these things are very valuable to me. But how valuable? Time off - how much do I really take or need? I think about 5 weeks would be ideal. I think 3 would probably be too low. If they give me 4 weeks or 5 weeks that's great. Then there's WLB. That I've heard is pretty chill in the initial stages. But what if it gets even more intense and I don't like it? I can always get out, right? If it's too much I simply get out. I move to Microsoft or a place that is known to be chill. Yeah, I think I'm overthinking this for now. Decision now is to apply to G+ FB in Jan and give it my best shot, and see what comes out of it.

		 - Alright, this seems like a good plan for work!

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Worked on SQL Prep mocks

- Query UI
	 - Hi Doug — hope you're doing well! :) In the "FY21Q1 - Planning" Excel sheet, the UI-UX column for the row "Query Service Enhancements for SQL Explore & Prep to support CJA, CDP, and AEP Intelligence SKUs ([PLAT-56971](https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLAT-56971))" is listed as "Unknown Req / Not Staffed". However, I believe this should be changed to "Understood Req / Staffed". 

	 - The two relevant UI/UX items in this roadmap for Q1 are:
		 - SQL Prep: Scheduler UI for Query Service ([PLAT-51316](https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLAT-51316))

		 - Query Service UI/UX: High Priority Customer Enhancements and Bug Fixes ([PLAT-71757](https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLAT-71757))

	 - I believe that both of these items are already understood and staffed by Matt C

- DONE Medical exam for GC #[[Marriage green card application]]

- [[QS-UPS]] meeting with [[Nick Hecht]]
	 - Customers want to do data science on Profile data.

	 - Need both events and attributes

	 - Microsoft: Needs one particular column at event level

	 - Pega: Wants aggregates 

	 - Current solution: Profile exports and computed attributes

- Meeting with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Dashboards - Lasa

	 - Reporting data group - collection of stitched dataset

	 - DONE Show output dataset with stitched ID

- Evening tasks
	 - Donation

	 - Uhaul

	 - Two cashiers checks made out to "U.S. Department of Homeland Security" for $1225 and $535.

	 - Fedex
		 - Sign
			 - G-28 Nikhil Maddirala Form – Page 3, Part 4, Question 2a & 2b (Nikhil’s Signature).

			 - G-28 Rukma Sen Form - Page 3, Part 4, Question 2a & 2b (Rukma’s Signature).

			 - I-130 Form – Page 9, Part 6, Question 6a & 6b (Rukma’s Signature).

			 - I-130A Form – Page 3, Part 4, Question 6a & 6b (Nikhil’s Signature).

			 - I-131 Form – Page 5, Part 8, Question 1a (Nikhil’s Signature).

			 - I-485 Form – Page 17, Part 10, Question 6a & 6b (Nikhil’s Signature).

			 - I-765 Form – Page 5, Part 3, Question 7a & 7b (Nikhil’s Signature).

			 - I-944 Form – Page 15, Part 5, Question 6 (Nikhil’s Signature).

			 - I-864 Form – Page 8, Part 8, Question 6a & 6b (Rukma’s Signature).

- DONE Read rukma's writing

- DONE Email Mahesh

- 
