- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - Journal for today. I skipped yesterday for some reason. It's ok. Yesterday was quite an off-day. I worked only for the 3 hours I had meetings, and the rest of the time I just didn't feel like doing anything. I observed that this is happening around once a week. Happened once last week as well. I remember journaling about it. What do in such cases? I think my preferred method is that I should meditate on what's going on. Calm down and take a deep breath. But this doesn't happen in reality. In reality what's happening is that I'm just playing hookey for a long time. Half the day I just didn't feel like working. And I didn't. Where does this feeling come from? I dislike my work? Yes, but I could have done anything productive. I dislike that. Or I'm not having organic motivations to do things. What else do I engage in? I'm spending a lot of time on Reddit. Otherwise, I'm just kind of browsing the internet? That's a black hole. Is that really what I'm doing? Maybe I should observe myself more as I'm going through these periods to keep track of what it is that I'm doing. I think Roam is a good tool that I can use for this purpose.

		 - Spent time in therapy talking about this very issue as well. Not specifically about why I didn't want to work yesterday, but about the general conflict within myself that part of me always wants to work and part of me just doesn't want to work. It's like an internal rebellion. What I need is one self love and gratitude, and the second is a unification of the self. I need to bring the different parts of my mind in harmony with each other. But, I need to do it in a way that isn't a chore or a goal oriented activity. I have trouble viewing anything outside of these constructs. Whether it's therapy or meditation or whatever. Again, in the language I'm using right now even as I write about it I keep saying "I need". Well, and what of it? I do need these things. But how to let go of expectations? That's the difficult thing. Let go of the expectation, but do the thing anyway. Maybe I should meditate more? That's becoming also a goal directed activity. I don't want life to be that way, because it makes me lose a sense of play and organic motivation. Why, o why? 

		 - So what's the path forward that we discussed? Not super clear yet. I think the two things I'm seeking are self-love and unification of self. Can keep practicing Metta a bit more on the self love angle. I think that's a good practice. On the unification angle, just regular meditation. Perhaps one that's not so goal oriented? Maybe if I do the do nothing practice. It's the diligence part of it that's kind of throwing me off. Since I need less of that in my life, maybe I skip the whole MGEDDP six step preparation for meditation, and I just start directly with the breath counting. That's a good start. The first part is probably not super healthy for me. And maybe a healthy dose of do nothing meditation? Actually the Shinzen meditations are quite good for this, although they don't explicitly work with mind wandering. Definitely 

		 - {DONE}} Couples photos #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects #2020-W33

		 - This dark age theme in roam is really cool.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - GTD review

		 - CJA outreach

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		 - Did the GTD review, but not CJA outreach.

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - 4pm: chicken + beans snack

		 - 6:30pm: 200g chicken, 250g beans, 250g salad, apple, greek yogurt sweet 

		 - 9pm: little bit of ice cream

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- DONE Roam Backup https://www.roamstack.com/backups/ #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-IT]]

- TODO [The Ultimate Guide to Summarizing Books: How to Distill Ideas to Accelerate Your Learning](https://fortelabs.co/blog/the-ultimate-guide-to-summarizing-books/) #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

- TODO [How to process reading annotations into evergreen notes](https://notes.andymatuschak.org/z2PJ51tCXuPFxnfFVUxxgwjvZ1geu4YnYm7hK) + Linked article + video #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

- DONE Google keep
	 - Get cheap android phone to play

	 - {DONE}} Apple core cutter #[[Projects]]-Shopping #Projects

	 - {DONE}} Ice cream scoop #[[Projects]]-Shopping #Projects

	 - TODO Set up YouTube to Overcast solution #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-IT]]
		 - Self hosting options
			 - https://benjamincongdon.me/blog/2020/03/02/Creating-a-Podcast-Feed-from-a-YouTube-Playlist/

			 - https://www.reddit.com/r/selfhosted/comments/h7lkw2/podify_create_podcasts_from_anything_youtubedl/

			 - https://www.reddit.com/r/selfhosted/comments/esgsj0/podsync

		 - Hosted app: listenbox (charges money)

		 - 

- {DONE}} Create an epic for incorporating causality/ML features for campaign: scope and collaboration defined with plan (Nikhil) #[[Projects]]-QS-misc #Projects

- Physical inbox processing
	 - {DONE}} PGE check deposited #[[Projects]]-Personal-Finance #Waiting #Projects #2020-W33

	 - {DONE}} Dan Decker check deposited  #[[Projects]]-Personal-Finance #Waiting #Projects #2020-W33

	 - DONE Dan Decker invoices missing - send email and text #[[Projects]]-Personal-Finance #Projects #2020-W33

- [[Freewrite]] on stuff I listened to and learned
{{word-count}}
	 - Reading more on [[How to take smart notes]]
		 - There's a lot of emphasis placed on writing as the product of thinking. Or that writing is how thinking happens. It's the objectification and materialized output of thinking. Specifically, permanent notes. Fleeting notes are an externalization of short term memory, but we need permanent notes to externalize long term memory.

		 - This is the part that I'm struggling with a little bit. Or rather, a lot! How do I turn something into a permanent note? What do I include? What don't I include? I need to start somewhere with some specific topic. Otherwise I'm just doing it too abstractly. What's the thing I want to make permanent notes of? Perhaps my writing projects. Yes, I'm anyway supposed to create an outline for what I want to write about. One of the smart notes recommendations is that I should create an outline for almost every permanent note that I write. OK. That's a good call, because it automatically helps me think of content where it fits, and it finds natural graph links.

		 - Right now I think the policy is that anything other than the daily notes page is a permanent notes page. That's where I put permanent blocks of knowledge. The other type of page I have is literature notes - that may also be a type of permanent note. And then I have project and workflow type notes.

		 - Where do I start building permanent notes? Pick one project. Or rather, I can approach it from a bottom up view and say that whatever I learn today becomes a permanent note. Every day I need to have a workflow of reviewing notes from the past day until today and moving things into either task lists or permanent notes. I think I need an hour a day just to do this. Start with this. I think it's a good practice. Capture from all sources into Roam. Drain all the sources into tasks or permanent notes.

		 - This smart notes / second brain thing is really like the next evolution of GTD. It's for all the non-task portions of GTD. GTD helps me figure out how to handle tasks, but for everything else, there's evergreen notes / Roam / etc. I just need to be filling it and populating it with permanent notes. Well, I can also keep reading more about the process and learn better how to do it.

		 - [[Always read with a pen in hand]]. This is a good takeaway. The idea is that we get the most out of reading when we write things out and explain what we read in our own words. This is quite straightforward for nonfiction. More complex for fiction. Moreover, these notes that we write need to be converted into. Knowledge is solidified by converting into permanent notes. I think I'm doing a decent job with the first step of "pen in hand", and I'm taking a lot of fleeting notes and literature notes, but I'm struggling with the next step of converting them to permanent notes. But I keep saying that I'm struggling when the reality is that I'm not really trying. Let me at least try and fail, and then I can say that I failed. Or I'll at least learn. Now I have a system at least.

	 - I listened to a [[podcast]] with [[jason calacanis]] on [[Acquired FM]]
		 - Jason's early life was apparently straight out of the first half of [[Goodfellas]]. His childhood was very similar to the main character's childhood. He grew up as a hustler. That was his primary skill. Hustle. Also he was very good at connecting people. Like the case study I read at Yale. What's the principle I would use to encapsulate this? [[Connecting people together is a very powerful form of networking]]. I need to find the name of the Yale MBA case study guy.

- [[QS-Batch]] Trust meeting with [[Karthik Raman]]
	 - Karthik's charter is consent management. 

	 - EMEA requires consent before data collection begins (opt-in), whereas the rest of the world is opt-out.

	 - Goal is to respect consumer's preferences for how data is used for what purposes.

	 - Individual profile level usage labels / consent labels need to get propagated. Then they need to be respected for policy enforcement.

	 - E.g. customer opt-in to pseudonymous analysis, else they can't be accessed in QS.

	 - These are attributes, not labels. Labels are set by the customer. Consent attributes are not set by customer, they are set by end consumer.

	 - We currently don't have a policy framework. When we have a policy enforcement framework, propagation of attributes will automatically take care of enforcement. Until then we have to use manual enforcement.

	 - Attributes will kick-off next month or so; currently not existing. Next step is to go through Alpha / Beta program. GA is not yet.

	 - Ask customers what CMP they use; OneTrust is the leading CMP. Others are SourcePoint. These two are partnering with us. TrustArk and one more may be partnering with us. 

	 - Agenda
		 - Ask about what Karthik owns

		 - Look at PRD and figure out any intersections

- [[QS-CJA]] meeting with [[Marijka Engel]]
	 - About
		 - Focus on Adobe Analytics data warehouse, data exports and governance.

	 - AA DWH: central store for fully processed data. 
		 - DWH reports generated based on the DWH. 

		 - Data feeds is every row of AA DWH.

	 - Customers rely on post-values as their source of truth.

	 - Agenda
		 - Adobe analytics data feeds

		 - Enterprise sync

- {DONE}} Fix slide for Raj CJA PMM #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #Projects

- [[QS-Batch]] [[Enterprise Sync]] meeting with [[Anurag Dodeja]], [[Keshav Vadrevu]], and [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - High level overview
		 - Orchestration will be a challenge

		 - QS is the only option for post-profile data prep

		 - Clarify when to use Mapper vs. QS

	 - {DONE}} Further refine enterprise sync use cases (and narrow the focus of SQL prep, ensure people are not focused on other things like Mapper, etc.) #QS-Batch #Projects #2020-W35 [[August 26th, 2020]]

	 - {DONE}} Kick-off enterprise sync with engineering teams #QS-Batch #Projects #2020-W35

	 - {DONE}} Set up bi-weekly 1:1 with Keshav

	 - Chained / event-triggered queries for [[QS-Batch]]
		 - Keshav is putting together CA and he seems to be driving this project.

		 - UI: orchestration and flow UI.

		 - QS: SQL query execution.

		 - Orchestration layer: Flow of above

		 - I need to give Keshav a set of steps so that he can figure out whether we need to leverage Orchestration service or Flow service or both. 

		 - {DONE}} Get chained query requirements from Saurabh for Reporting #QS-Batch #Projects
			 - Is the UX scattered? Do users write queries anywhere and just chain them together? Or does the user need to go through a defined set of steps?  

			 - E.g. for the K. Foster use case we don't need Flow. Just orchestration is enough. 

			 - But I need to validate if Flow is needed for Saurabh's use case. Refer to Keshav's mocks for example of Flow use case.

	 - Orchestration service
		 - Lead is [[Aniket]]; rest of the team is in Noida.

- 1:1 with [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - Priorities
		 - SQL Prep - UI

		 - Adhoc SQL - requirements

		 - ML to improve Query performance and for Experience Dashboards

		 - Collateral

	 - DONE PPC / PTP for batch query

	 - {DONE}} QS Scheduler UI updates #QS-Batch #Projects 
		 - Add customer names: Home Depot, Kohls, Ask Saurabh for CJA customer names. Customer feedback has been thumbs down - complaints from Kevin, Sunish, Eric Knee, etc.

		 - Meeting with Ryan, Doug, etc.

	 - SQL Prep 3 use cases
		 - Enterprise sync

		 - SQL Prep for CJA and Data

	 - Adhoc Query collateral
		 - {DONE}} Talk to Raj Sen and see if we can make more detailed deck

	 - Two flavors of collateral
		 - Sales enablement / lead generation field facing material - PMM focus

		 - Delivery and engagement field facing - PM focus

	 - Agenda
		 - Review Batch Query UI - schedule next meeting?

		 - Review collateral requirements - rationalize with PMM list

		 - Review other OKRs (if time permits)

- DONE **[Volunteers | MBA New Hire Summit 2020](https://form.jotform.com/202235946844359)**

- [[Product Management]] mock interview with [[Chrissy Ha]]
	 - Feedback
		 - Intro questions
			 - Walk me through your resume?
				 - Broad range of experience. Great!

			 - What are your career goals? Why do you want to work at Splunk?
				 - Good answer about Walmart cons: Lot of time spent on alignment; want more ownership.

				 - Didn't answer "why Splunk" until prompted. Answer was a bit vague. Could add more specifics.

		 - Behavioral questions
			 - Describe your current role at Walmart?
				 - Account management portal. 

				 - Add more structure and frame the answer in terms of strategy, roadmap, execution.

			 - What's your most significant achievement as a product manager?
				 - Walmart culture is very top-down: maybe don't say that?

				 - Answer wasn't very clear. Too vague. I didn't understand what you specifically did as an individual.

				 - When prompted: you talked about the problem that users were facing. Wasn't a coherent story. For example "how did you tell a compelling narrative"?

				 - Need a good story and narrative.

				 - Too much detail.

			 - Data driven: tell me about a time you made a data-driven decision
				 - Had to think a lot about this one.

				 - Qualitative: focus groups, user research

				 - Quantitative: tracking, logging

			 - Cross functional: tell me about a time you collaborated cross functionally to drive an outcome

		 - Role specific questions
			 - "Participation in all stages of the software development lifecycle, experience with Agile software methodologies": what's your experience?
				 - Talked about your role in the sprint process. Good overview.

				 - Conflict: 

			 - "Background in enterprise SaaS": What's your experience?

		 - Product management questions
			 - Your largest customer requests a new feature.
				 - You gave an answer based on your past experience.

				 - Didn't talk about the tradeoffs or the sources of information.

			 - Give me an example of a product you love. How would you improve it?
				 - Scoop: I understood why you loved it.

				 - Improvements: Great improvements! Was very focused on YOUR needs, but it would be good if you could think of other user segments.

		 - What questions do you have for me?
			 - Understanding the product better? Strategy?

			 - Org structure?

			 - What's the biggest challenge?

		 - Overall feedback
			 - Good: Lot of great content and stories; you already have all the experience and background required for this role.

			 - What is YOUR personal impact vs. what the team did?

	 - Agenda
		 - Intro questions
			 - Walk me through your resume?

			 - What are your career goals? Why do you want to work at Splunk?

		 - Behavioral questions
			 - What's your most significant achievement as a product manager?

			 - Data driven: tell me about a time you made a data-driven decision

			 - Cross functional: tell me about a time you collaborated cross functionally to drive an outcome

		 - Role specific questions
			 - "Participation in all stages of the software development lifecycle, experience with Agile software methodologies": what's your experience?

			 - "Background in enterprise SaaS": What's your experience?

		 - Product management questions
			 - Give me an example of a product you love. How would you improve it?

			 - Your largest customer requests out of the box reports.

- Research on [[Product Management Interviews]]
	 - [Examples of interview questions I have experienced in the last month (self.ProductManagement)](https://www.reddit.com/r/ProductManagement/comments/huti2i/examples_of_interview_questions_i_have/)

	 - 

- {DONE}} **If your address has changed since March**, please update your address information in Penn in Touch by Friday, 12 PM ET so we can get your packet sent to the correct address. #[[Projects]]-MCIT #Projects
