- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - Woke up a bit late today. My alarm failed again for some reason. I snoozed the first alarm on my watch, then the subsequent alarms didn't come to my watch. They went only to the phone. I've been thinking that there is some degree of unreliability in my current alarm system. I'm not sure what exactly is the point of failure or what's causing things to go wrong. Is it because AW integration in general is buggy? Is it because my AW is old? Those seem like the likely reasons. Also, I think I should explore using the Google Home as an alternative. 

		 - DONE Google home alarm explore #[[Projects]]-Personal-IT #Projects

		 - I should really be using an Android phone. Why do I use the iPhone? It has so many limitations and it's such a walled garden. Especially for automation purposes, Android is so much stronger. What's keeping me in the iPhone world? Is it just lock-in? Ecosystem lock in? I should go back to my previous thought of exploring an Android phone. Maybe if / when Rukma upgrades her phone I can use her old Pixel 3A to play around with. I think it's a good phone. What are the lock in aspects of iPhone? The main apps I use are all cloud based or they all have android equivalents. I don't think anything is without an alternative. Oh, but the Apple watch. And the Airpods integration. Those are not yet so smooth in the Android world. Maybe start using Android as a secondary phone until these kinks get ironed out. Yes, I'll do that. Especially with home automation, if I'm getting into it now, Android would be a much better solution. I'll get an Android phone or tablet and play around. It'll be good for learning purposes.

		 - Why am I so reluctant to get into the project work for coding projects? What's going on there? One thing I identified is that I dislike the ambiguity and the work of defining scope. Once scope is defined, that's when I really have fun. But life is not like a course. There won't always be a syllabus and a given set of exercises that are tailor built for my skill level. I'll need to work through it on my own. And that's the fun of it too. So why am I avoiding that? And why am I taking on so many commitments that it's preventing me from doing that? There should be nothing other than writing and coding. These are the two highest priority things I should be doing. For now, cut out the entrepreneurship thing, PD, everything else. These two are what will give me joy, and what will be rewarding as projects. When making next quarter's goals, I should take this into consideration seriously. There's nothing else that I should be focusing on as a super high priority. Don't even pull in other tasks. I mean, there can be small, ongoing Areas stuff, but that's ultimately not what I will be judged on, and I shouldn't be prioritizing those things.

		 - Should come up with a system or rather a way of doing goals and tasks such that there will be main tasks, and then little supporting tasks in terms of logistics. The logistics tasks can be second priority.

		 - Oh, almost forgot 

		 - Watched [[Mullholland Drive]] last night
			 - It was a beautiful film. The first hour and a half was also a gripping narrative, but then the last half hour made me completely lose my grip on the narrative and the film's narrative unwound itself or just fell apart. What I was left with was some glimpses into a haunting and beautiful world created by the film. This prompted Rukma and I to reflect on what the purpose of film and art is, and why we crave narrative. Is it because films as a medium have conditioned us to seeking narratives? Or is it just that we human beings seek narrative everywhere? 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - Hackathon: reading or planning

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		 - Didn't do anything hackathon related. Try again.

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- DONE Catch up with Pari on GTM #[[[[Projects]]-Work-someday]]

- {DONE}} Akin sync

- {{embed  ((4b20bc50-b995-4b21-ad57-a9a76cbc4247))}}

- {DONE}} Home Depot meeting coordinate - block three open slots with Trevor for next week #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #Projects [[August 20th, 2020]]
	 - Here are some possible time slots
		 - Tuesday 08/25, 9am PT / 12pm ET

		 - Tuesday 08/25, 10am PT / 1pm ET

		 - Wednesday 08/26, 1pm PT / 4pm ET

- Best buy [[data prep]] meeting with [[Nick Hecht]], [[Keshav Vadrevu]], [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - Data views / materialized views: customer wants to create data view and put into CJA

	 - Workflow
		 - Analytics mid data + third party data comes into AEP from several different teams

		 - in CJA they set up a different connection to the AEP mid-values for each team.

	 - Pain points
		 - They want each connection to have only a filtered part of the mid-values dataset that is relevant to that team. Because each connection is used by a different team. 

		 - Their cost goes up unnecessarily because they are copying the data multiple times, which is increasing their cost.

	 - 

- [[QS-CJA]] [[ADF]] Parity meeting with [[Chris Luby]]
	 - ADF
		 - Use case
			 - These get from hit level to visit level

			 - They are window functions

			 - User needs to specify user identifier, timestamp field

		 - Sessionization functions are already covered in 

		 - {DONE}} Get list of sessionization and attribution functions #Projects #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #Waiting 

		 - DONE Find documentation writer for QS / CJA 

		 - Sessionization support in QS: https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/experience-platform/query/creating-queries/using-adobe-defined-functions.html

		 - DONE Documentation for QS ADFs needs to be updated to include more ADFs #[[Projects]]-QS-Documentation #Projects

		 - Mostly worked on by Chris Luby: https://git.corp.adobe.com/experience-platform/query-service-helpers/blob/master/helpers/src/main/scala/com/adobe/platform/query/spark/sql/helpers/Session.scala#L251

		 - Chris already included some re-usable building blocks. Supports more than one input and more than one output.

		 - If CJA is using ML for attribution, then we can't do that in QS.

	 - Data views
		 - I have multiple datasets. Then I have metadata datasets that augment those datasets. 

		 - We could write SQL to union and join all of those datasets and put them together as a view.

		 - Composition view accomplishes the same thing as above, but we can do those compositions in more than one system like CJA. Because CJA doesn't understand SQL.

		 - Analyst uses CJA, data engineer uses QS; we need parity.

		 - On QS side we look at CJA data group and reverse engineers SQL query.

		 - Composition view is a Platform UI component, but it's only exposed at the point of creating a CJA connection

	 - DONE Recurring C Luby meet #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #Projects

	 - Agenda
		 - How does this relate to Pankil project?

- Query Service Cost Governance Sync
	 - GTM / packaging: Pricing team is working on cost modeling, but they have a very approximate model.

	 - "Metering and cost estimation" project
		 - Shiv Vaithyan is working with Paul Mackles, Hazem and others to break down cost model. 

		 - DONE Meet with Paul Mackles #Waiting #QS-Batch #Projects

		 - DONE Meet with Vahid

		 - They have made some progress, but could be more progress.

	 - Agenda
		 - GTM context - capping per customer

		 - Can we break down cost further by workspace and/or IMS org?

		 - Can we make this meeting regular?

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - {DONE}} Set up GTM meet with Anil, Meera, Anurag #QS-Batch #Projects #Waiting

	 - {DONE}} Sync with Shidhin on data groups

	 - {DONE}} Set up weekly sync with [[Anil Malkani]] #[[Projects]]-QS-misc #Projects #Waiting

	 - {DONE}} Set up prioritization meeting with Meera, Akin, Saurabh

	 - Signature process
		 - Sign on a blank paper, use your mobile to capture a photograph of the signature, and download the image onto your desktop.

		 - Repeat the above step for a handwritten date.

		 - [Use Adobe Acrobat's "Fill and Sign" feature to add the above images as signatures](https://helpx.adobe.com/acrobat/using/signing-pdfs.html)

	 - Agenda

- Query Service Cost Model with [[Anil Malkani]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Regular meeting?

- [[David Lynch]] talks [[Mulholland Drive]]
	 - Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf1sfVpw9OY

	 - Interviewer seems totally clueless, but Lynch gives some really good answers. He analogizes the movie to songs (much like Rukma's analogy to poetry).

- DONE Alfred airpods connector - support multiple airpods

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - If you're stuck on a goal, try to switch gears and do something else 

	 - Why is it so hard for me to let go of the goals? It's tied to my identity of being a high-achiever. Fear of losing this identity.

	 - I used alcohol to access the playful side of me. This could be due to emotional splitting - i.e. the emotional side is getting suppressed. Spock vs. Kirk.

	 - We need to integrate the two sides of me. Is the emotional side absent during the day? Or is it low-key suppressed? Probably low-key suppressed.

	 - Can you give a name for the other version of yourself? The critic Nikhil. Too self-critical.

	 - Write a play of a conversation between the different parts of myself. Use internal dialogue and subjective points of view. Get out of the external point of view. Use action words. Use emotional language.

	 - I'm externalizing my relationship to myself; bringing an objective point of view to myself. Try doing the opposite.

	 - If language is too analytical for me, try other modes of expression.

	 - Agenda
		 - Weekend review didn't go well
