- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - Today I went for a run for the first time or did exercise for the first time all week! It felt very good. I ran 5.5 km at a pace of under 6 min / km. I think it may have been around 5:50 or so. Which is excellent. That's the general pace I'm going for. Well on Saturdays I'm going for distance and weekdays I'm going for pace. This Saturday let me try to up the distance to 5.8km, then up to 6km. I think regardless of what happened during the week, skip or not, I should keep going with my plan. If I skip an entire week, then the next week I should stay at the previous week's distance. But if I only skip the week partially, then the next week I should up the distance. I'll feel really good about it. OK. This is going great. Only I need to figure out a plan for the winter. Either I transition to the treadmill, or I try out what it's like to get some cold weather running gear. I think I'll be fine until at least October. Then it will get really cold.

		 - What else is on my mind? 

		 - I listened to an interesting [[Podcast]] episode with [[Shruti Rajagopalan]] on Covid in India
			 - She talked about the Indian government's response to Covid in India. The good part was that India recognized it very early on, took it very seriously, adopted a scientific approach to Covid, and instituted a pretty rigorous lockdown. But the bad part was that the govt didn't really have a detailed level plan for the exact rules of the lockdown (e.g. who's allowed exceptions and for what — which led to some doctors getting beaten by the police for example), also they didn't manage to drastically incraase testing, PPE, and other such supplies, and lastly and perhaps most importantly they didn't have a plan in place for economic risk mitigation. Like what exactly were all the migrant workers and daily laborers supposed to do when they were told to stop workign and start quarantining? How do they survive? This was not addressed. Also apparently there's a lot of bureaucratic centralizing hangover from colonial era and from the socialist era. India has a strong history of centralization, and that's only starting to go away, but it will still take time.

			 - They also talked about why land owning sizes are so small in India today. This is something that [[Dad]] always talks about. Dad's explanation is more along the lines of intergenerational dwindling of resources (e.g. a father divides his plot of land between his two sons, who then further divide the same plot between their grandsons, etc.). But Shruti also talks about how this was a conscious policy adopted by the Indian government as a counterveiling force against feudalism, which was leading to the exploitation of farmers.  It's funny that now we've come to the other point of view, where we think that the greater good can be realized by having large plots of land that are adopting industrialized manufacturing methods.

			 - She also talks about her advice for young people who want to get into economics and policy, and her advice is to read widely and broadly. Read nonfiction, fiction, literature, mythology, other fields, etc. and draw connections between different fields. This is exactly what [[Sonke Ahrens]] also says and is also the advice of [[Zettelkasten]] movement. There really is something to this.

		 - How do I get into writing more notes smarter? I need to set aside a time for doing this every day. Otherwise it will not happen. Or it could be every week to start with. Why not today? Yes today is a good start. What all do I want to do today? Grocery list, then household tasks, then review, then some note taking. It would be good if we could finish by 4pm or 5pm at the very latest and start doing some fun stuff like watching a movie.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - Complete weekly review

		 - Write 1-2 permanent notes

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Food cooked
	 - Sausage cooked, 310 cal x 5, 400g

	 - Raw sausage, 210 cal x 5,  365g

	 - Chicken recipe

	 - Onion 250g

	 - Oil, 2 tsp leftover from sausage

	 - Tomato 150g

	 - Chicken 5.9 lb

	 - Garlic paste 60g

	 - Final 1445g

	 - Ziplock - quart, gallon

- Pico de gallo Salsa #Recipe
	 - Tomato, 1 can

	 - Onion, 200g

	 - Jalapeno, 30g

	 - Cilantro, 30g

	 - Salt, 10g

	 - Lime juice, 100g

	 - To taste: Garlic powder, cumin, black pepper

- Spruced-up Zatarain's Jambalaya #Recipe
	 - Ingredients
		 - Sausage, cooked, 200g

		 - Chicken, cooked, 200g

		 - Onion, 100g

		 - Diced tomato, 1 can drained

		 - Olive oil, 1 tbsp

	 - Method
		 - 
