- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Good morning journal! How are you today? What was my dream yesterday about? My parents and I were at someone's house ostensibly to attend a wedding. Unclear whether it was my own wedding or someone else's wedding. One scene I remember is that there were around 4 cars outside the house, in the parking area, and my mom wanted some of the cars in front to be removed so that her car would become accessible. She brought her car with her, which I thought was very strange, because it seemed like we were in the US. Or maybe we weren't in the US? Vishal C was in the dream as the person my mom was talking to about the cars. Nikhila P (and I think her family too) was also there in that house. There was a scene where inside the house I stepped into a large corridor that had a shower on right in the corridor. I was able to flip the switch to stop the shower. Unclear what the purpose of that was. Then I entered into a large bathroom or washroom type area where I wanted to brush my hair. Somehow I was unable to brush my hair over there, so I decided to venture out a little bit. I went in a car with a driver out to a nearby spot, just a few minutes drive away, where I was able to brush my hair. But within a few minutes another car came from the house, and someone stepped out indicating that I was wanted back at the house. My parents were calling me back. I found it a bit strange because I thought we still had a couple of hours before we had to leave for the wedding. There was also the issue of the phone calls or the messages. This was related to some group of friends from Chirec. Don't exactly remember now what the message was about. Something to do with Kartik S and his group of friends from Chirec. I think that's as much of the dream as I can remember now.

		 - Dream journaling is good! I think I should continue journaling first thing in the morning like this every day so that I have greater chances of recollecting my dreams. Although they may already fade away. But this is a good start. Make the morning routine such that I start with the journaling in the morning around 7 - 715am. Then 715-730 I can do my meditation. 7.30 - 8.15 I do my exercise. Then 815 - 845 I shower. Yes, this is a pretty good routine. It takes two hours including wake up time? Actually it seems like 2h15m including wake up time, which is a lot. OK. That's fine for now.

		 - What else is going on? Start of a new week. Have to do well at work and course this week. Need to get little bit ahead on the course. But that's so easy. 594 I will knock it out in hardly one day. Then the rest of the time I will spend on 595 doing 3a-3b. They say that should take 20 hours. Totally fine. I have two weeks to do that. Then next week I'm starting my trip.

		 - Need to figure out plans for Jan - Feb living. Have been looking at too many options. Unable to decide. Want a place that's kind of in the city. Yes. But then it's either smaller or more expensive, and may have difficulty finding parking, etc. It's the classic housing dilemma. Which do we value more? Larger? Or closer to the city? Walkability. I think both are importnat. Let's see if there's a balance.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Check-in document
	 - What do I want to do?

	 - Communicate accomplishments over the past quarter and a half.

- Airbnb: Normal Height's: Just steps to Adam's Ave District
	 - Hello! My wife and I are looking for a two month stay to explore San Diego while working from home. Your place seems great, but I just have a couple of questions:

	 - 1. How fast and reliable is the wifi? This is important, because we will be working from home, heavily using Zoom and other online collaboration tools.

	 - 2. How well stocked is the kitchen with cookware, dinnerware, etc.? We plan to cook most of our meals during our stay.

	 - 3. Any chance you may be able to provide a desk + chair that we could use in the second bedroom to help us work from home?

	 - Thanks in advance for your reply! :)  

- Field-based Stitching [[FBS]] in UIS with [[Matt Freestone]]
	 - Matt is responsible for stitching in AA. Leads two stitching projects
		 - CDA - Cross Device Analytics for legacy analytics (three methods: device coop, or adobe private graph, or FBS)

		 - CJA - FBS for CJA. Called CCA (Cross Channel Analytics). Part of Journey IQ.

	 - CJA example of stitching
		 - Digital + Call center stitching

		 - Both datasets have different keys

		 - Analytics typically aggregates at cookie level; needs to be restated at person level.

		 - In AA, add new column called "stitched ID". Get this info from login id (if availalbe) or cookie id. 

		 - Now "stitched ID" field is selected as person ID.

		 - Now we can union the call center data with AA data.

	 - Stitching vs. join vs. union
		 - Joins are typically for lookup data

		 - Union is for combining two datasets

		 - Stitching is just generating the "stitched ID" field in preparation for union.

	 - ID Map
		 - What they need for stitching is ID map

		 - Working with Brian Pong on ID map

		 - Need table with timestamp, persistent ID, and transient ID

	 - Stitching process - compute
		 - AA is building tools in Databricks; read data from data lake and create stitched dataset.

		 - Complicated by GDPR.

	 - Requirements from QS stitching
		 - No need for materialization; views should work.

		 - Need to re-state historical data (when they learn new things later). 

- Stitched Experience Events Requirements for Intelligent Services with [[Anand Dantu]], [[Anthony Ching]], [[Anil Malkani]]
	 - DONE Ask Meera - will Intelligence Services SKU include this stitching?

	 - They want the id map to be associated with each profile

	 - What QS will provide
		 - Mapping of Row ID to cluster ID - may not be materialized.

		 - New mappings will be provided only for new rows; maybe once a month there can be a back-fill

	 - The USE of the mapping table to stitch data will be handled by IS on their side.

	 - Agenda
		 - My intro

		 - Requirements

- AEP Intelligence Unified Demo: QS + DSW with [[Anshuman Nangia]]
	 - Lighthouse - windiest place in US.

	 - Unified demo script: https://adobe.sharepoint.com/:w:/s/CG-AEPDataAnalyticServices/ERThaCCtE09OhiHn2pafHg8BmGOr569AUujaRKFMFpCRFA?email=nmaddira%40adobe.com&e=GckBl6

	 - DONE Ask DDOM team for churn dashboard examples

- Trevor / Nikhil: AEPQS-CJA Sync with [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - DONE Add future directions to Brandon project

	 - Whats the long term strategy for CJA customer acquisition?
		 - Analytics customer upgrade (difficult, because Analytics growth is slowing)

		 - Cross sell to other DX customers (e.g. CDP / AAM / etc.)

		 - Net new accounts (barriers: expensive, needs consulting)

	 - New accounts in "territory" accounts (i.e. SMB) is most attractive, but lot of barriers. AEP is not pursuing territory accounts.

- Saurabh Nikhil 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]

- CJA - Query Service Interoperability Tool with [[Nils Engel]], [[Trevor Paulsen]], [[Brandon George]]
	 - As a CJA customer, what do you use QS for?
		 - ETL use cases - Person ID, Bad ECIDs, etc. 

		 - Debugging and validation of data.

	 - Walk us through an example of your use case. Open up QS and show us your workflow.
		 - Debugging when something doesn't look right in the validation phase (but Nils doesn't do SQL). 

		 - But there are several DWB users who are SQL jockeys with no method of validation / debugging. They didn't trust the DWB results, because of lack of replicability. E.g. Sprint. 

	 - What’s your feedback on this workflow? What are the pain points? What would make it easier?
		 - Ideally we should have ETL mapping options at the ingest phase.

	 - We have a feature that makes the construction of SQL queries easier: Where would you look for such a feature? (Show the debug feature)
		 - Right click table and see "view sql" option

	 - Do you find this feature useful?
		 - Useful for validation and debugging

		 - Can build more sophisticated / advanced queries without starting from scratch 

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Talked about my struggle with meditation; same pattern from other areas of life;

	 - Sometimes my ambitions become the obstacle; I make commitments and then I recoil / drop it and I feel bad.

	 - Internal conflict between two parts of myself. Need to accept the side of myself that I don't want to see.

	 - Next time - use therapy for self-observation. Pick an example to discuss.

	 - Agenda
		 - Meditation

		 - Sticking to routine / habits
