- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - What's really on my mind today? I just picked up that package from fedex. I own a new car now which I really like. It's not a fancy car like Piyush's, but I don't really care about that... it'll get me from point A to point B even if those points are really far away, and that's what I care most about. It'll be a great travel companion for Rukma and me on our adventures for the next six months or so. 

		 - Ready to go now. Let's go on a drive, and explore the pacific coast highway - the san diego part of it.

		 - Got momentarily distracted as Monika came to talk to us and ask us about our journaling.

		 - Piyush got us a Go Pro - in addition to the amazing gift that he already gave us - the Bose headphones. I'm really looking forward to the go pro, because Piyush and Monika's YT videos are such an inspiration for how we can use the go pro to capture our experiences and memories in a creative way and share them with our friends and family. This will be really nice. 

		 - Got distracted for a moment by the TV.

		 - Back now. Go pro. Recording our outdoor activities. What are the activities I can record? Two to start with are drives and hikes. Those are really good starting point. Then what? I want to integrate some amount of selfie-ness to the drives and hikes that we record. Maybe we first start with a little selfie introduction, and then we go on to do the rest of the drive / hike and intersperse it with some selfie stuff in between. That may be a good format. Will explore and experiment with a couple of different formats before finalizing something.

		 - What else? I have to get back to work at some point... but I do have quite some days now before going back to work, and a lot of driving to do.

		 - I wonder what that rattling sound in the car is? It seems very random. It sounds exactly like there's a screw that's rolling around in some metal. The tire would be a good explanation. Why don't I open it up and check if there's a tire issue / screw inside the tire. We should also take a pic with our new car... that would be nice!

		 - What's going on? We have 5 mins left. What can I write about? Still in holiday mood. Going well. 

		 - Should I take time off MCIT next semester? Maybe not... because anyway summer will be off, and maybe I want to take the second half off actually before getting into electives. So I can brave through and do 596, and that would be a really good stopping point too, because I would have completed the entire core curriculum. But on the other hand... maybe I can have more fun in my trip if I don't have this. But I don't have to do it so intensely. I can do it in a relaxed manner. Not targeting like an A, be good with a B or whatever I get. I think it should be fine. I would not worry too much about it. My plan is to take the course now, and just take summer off. May not even need to take winter off. Maybe if I take off I'll lose my motivation and streak. I think summer off is a good compromise. Will keep going for now. 

		 - What else? Other decisions are about applying to Google and getting a new job. I think this is something I should definitely target. I'd much rather work for Google than Adobe. I think it would be good for me to do this. It's about practicing for my interviews. That's what I need to do. Maybe even pay for some career coaching with PMs where I can do interview practice. Yes. I'l ask the recruiter all this stuff. That I want some time to prepare for interview practice and all of that... and then find the right time to apply and interview.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal
