- [[QS]] [[Adobe summit]] video by Saurabh
	 - AEP value prop: Traditional data lakes have several problems: 
		 - Silo-ed data

		 - Not omni-channel

		 - Lack of privacy and governance

	 - Query service sits on top of stitched data to power BI tools, dashboards, and CJA.

	 - Can write your own queries, or use ADFs for pre-defined standard queries like standardization

	 - In future, we want to empower data analysts to tell stories about their data.

- [[CJA]] [[Adobe summit]] video by [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - CJA is an add-on for customers who have both AEP and AA.

	 - CJA enables users to understand customer journeys.

	 - Empowers data analysts / non-data scientists to tell stories with data.

	 - Value prop of CJA and QS seems very similar!

	 - CJA claims differentiation from BI / SQL because of democratization, attribution, segmentation, etc. but QS has the same.

- [[Sessionization]]
	 - Sessionization is a concept in web analytics for grouping user data into "sessions" based either on time windows or navigation windows.

	 - Ref
		 - https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2731565?hl=en

		 - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Session_(web_analytics)

- Aligning trailing comments / in-line comments
	 - I read somewhere online in a style guide (now I can't find the reference) that spending time aligning trailing comments is a waste of time. Because if you elongate one line of code too far, then you need to re-adjust ALL the comments.

	 - Found it: https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html#s4.6.3-horizontal-alignment

	 - 

- DONE Rick connect Luke 

- DONE Add Rukma to T-mobile, follow up [[July 15th, 2020]]

- QS 1:1 outreach
	 - New Query Service PM

	 - I'd like to introduce myself as the new Query Service PM, and I'd love to learn more about areas where we might collaborate! :) 

	 - Setting up time for an introductory meeting and to learn more about your role on the team! 🙂

- [[Anshuman Nangia]] meeting on [[DSW KT]]
	 - Seattle hiking recommendations
		 - Lake snow

		 - Enchantments (much harder, needs lottery) 

		 - Mailbox hikes

	 - Think of QS not as the interface, but rather as the __engine__ that powers queries.

	 - 

- [[DSW-KT]] meeting with Ashok 14:00
	 - I shared DataRobot and DSW Data Prep

- AEP Insights meeting with Meera and team 15:06

- DONE [From Beginner to Superuser: A Complete Roam Research Tutorial Course, by Anonym.s, 37 videos ](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLwXSqDdn_CpE934BjXMgmzHnlwXMy41TC) 
	 - Section 1 (1.x): overview of Roam features, shortcuts, etc.
		 - Attributes, tags, and links seem identical in Roam. Attributes are often used for meta-data, because they will get more functionality in future.

		 - Mac users should consider re-mapping ctrl and caps lock keys for easier access to ctrl

	 - Section 2: iOS

	 - Section 3: Project management
		 - Implementing [[Tiago Forte]]'s PARA system

		 - Create structured meta-data section for each project: keywords, due date, goals

		 - Use tags such as projects, areas, finance, completed, etc.

	 - 4: Task management
		 - 

- DONE Set up text expansion shortcuts 
	 - ;;email

	 - ;;address
