- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Hello my friend! What's up today? I donn't remember any dreams unfortunately. This morning two thoughts I woke up with were: (1) what happened to Laura Palmer?, and (2) does it make sense to buy a car?

		 - First, about Laura palmer, I donn't think I'll be able to come up with a good answer to this question. Why not? Well, it's a hard question. THere are so many possible interpretations. But what's my interpretation? What does my gut tell me? Coop went back in time to save Laura, but he couldn't save Laura, and then what happened? Where did she go when she couldn't be saved? The most naturalistic explanaiton is that she went to another city in the same world and just forgot about her past. But that doesn't explain why her home is no longer her home, and is instead occupied by the Tremonds and the Chalfonts. Unknown what's going on here.

		 - Does it make sense to buy a car? Probably not. The used car market as well as the new car market is quite overpriced right now. So I'm paying a lot higher than I normally would for such cars. If I buy a Mirage now, I'm paying at least a few thousand extra. Now taking that into consideration, what would my costs of ownership be? I think for a cheap car it would come down to some 400 or so per month, but there are some fixed costs associated with it as well. What's wrong with the rental option? It's just more expensive and I'm not "building equity" so to speak. And I'm paying a lot of money for it. I'm paying about 800 per month for the cheapest car, plus 450 or so in drop fees. If I get the discount from Rukma, then it might come down to 600 per month plus the drop fee. OK. Maybe this is not so bad? I don't think the difference is such a big deal. What's the long term plan here? I do want to eventually own a car don't I? Or do I? I wish it were super easy to rent a car for the long term. And I'm probably not buying a Tesla very soon. But why not? I need a charging base for a Tesla, and moving around Airbnbs is not good for that. So it's just for the next six months do I need a car. Or do I keep renting a car. Suppose I keep doing the stop gap rentals. The 400 dollar fee. What's the alternative? I buy two flight tickets, and we uber to and from the destination. Probably about 200 for flights, and at least another 100 for the ubers. So, it is in some ways better to have the car. Yeah, I think I'm not debating whether or not to have a car. I do want to have a car. It's just between long term rental and ownership right now. It seems like long term rental for six months will cost me about almost 5000. Or 4-5k total. I think if purchasing depreciation is less than that then worth it? But I'm forgetting about insurance. That's a high cost.

		 - DONE Car rental questions #[[Projects]]-Personal-Travel #Projects
			 - Get rates from Rukma

			 - Can I leave end date unspecified? And end location? Will the rate be different?

		 - DONE Is macbook letter "n" blocker working?

		 - DONE get insurance quotes and build TCO car calculator #[[Projects]]-Personal-Travel #Projects

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- GTD
	 - DONE Benefits enrollment #[[Projects]]-Work-misc #Projects #2020-W47

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Intelligent services

	 - DONE Reach out to Jeff McKee about IS / AEP packaging; do we have a chargeback model? If not, how do we implement?

	 - DONE Ask Meera about internal customer adoption for OKRs; we are investing a lot in internal customer adoption

	 - DONE Talk to Meera about CJA success and adoption

	 - 

- EQS huddle with [[Anil Malkani]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Postponed to next week

- Mitsubishi [[Buying a car in 2020 - 2021]]
	 - 425-290-5186

	 - Ask for manager - Miguel (or Adam is GM)

	 - Harris Mitsubishi

	 - 2018 Mitsubishi ES, New - $9k

- CJA - QS Interop tool with [[Bryan Skelton]], [[Brandon George]], [[Chris Luby]]
	 - Use cases
		 - CJA is dependent on platform datasets

		 - E.g. see a list of 1.8 Billion records in platform, but only 1.5 Billion records in CJA. What accounts for the diff? Usually around Person ID.

		 - Other areas: Home Depot wants a query to verify and QA data they're seeing in CJA

	 - Pain points
		 - Main paint points are around ADFs and how to use them.

		 - Lot of the pain points are resolved by the fact that the engagements have QS experts

		 - Without SQL expertise, it's very difficult to know how to write the queries

	 - Additional features
		 - ADFs are very important

		 - Query visualization - see query and results in the workspace

	 - Re-iterat use cases
		 - QA against platform when implementing CJA

		 - Getting traditional Analytics info like "visit number" which needs QS and ADFs

		 - QA when new datasets are added to a connection

	 - DONE Develop QA check-list for CJA-QS #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #Projects 

- QS UI meeting with [[Doug Smith]], [[Rohan Kapoor]]
	 - Need to come to a strategic decision on AEP QS UI.

	 - What do we want this product and UI to be / do?
