- [[PM Interview Prep]]
	 - https://igotanoffer.com/blogs/product-manager/facebook-product-manager-interview

- Query Service PM - PMM Sync with [[Akin Ajayi]]
	 - DONE Message Meera / Saurabh about collateral duplication
		 - Customer presentation and brief; then FAQs.

	 - Agenda
		 - FAQ doc questions

- Trust for Query Service | Weekly Sync with [[Shidhin]]
	 - Mini CA slides on Trust
		 - Three use cases: label propagation, sensitive data, RBAC; 

		 - **lineage** - keep track of where a field came from.

		 - DONE Shidin's 4 use cases for Trust #QS-Batch #Projects
			 - Lineage of derived data

			 - Propagate label restrictions on to derived datasets

			 - Mask data based on labels and RBAC

			 - Restrict datasets available for Analytics purpose in QS

	 - Agenda
		 - What are the next steps?

- Trevor / Nikhil: AEPQS-CJA Sync
	 - Trevor's background
		 - Trevor was hired by [[Bret Gundersen]] and worked for him until Bret went to AEP.

		 - They worked on a garage week project to bring AA on to AEP - this became CJA.

		 - Trevor is now PM for Ares team.

	 - Expedia
		 - Ares API can be exposed

		 - JQL must be limited; cannot write UDFs / ADFs.

	 - Agenda
		 - What are next steps?

- Saurabh Nikhil 1-1
	 - Applied AI
		 - Look at Saurabh's deck

	 - DONE Create list of UI open items for Meera / Saurabh #[[Projects]]-QS-UI #Projects #2020-W42 [[October 15th, 2020]]

	 - DONE Rationalize docs for ADFs #[[Projects]]-QS-Documentation #Projects
id:: 00a4537d-6548-4ad9-8d94-95cc696586fc

	 - Expedia
		 - DONE Get video of Expedia meeting

		 - DONE What's the opportunity for Adobe here?

	 - Agenda
		 - Planning for Q1: Mini CA for Batch

- Mixpanel / Expedia discussion with [[Rohit Gossain]] on [[Expedia Experimentation - AEP engagement]]
	 - Rohit background
		 - Worked on Analytics platform team with [[Vinod]] and [[Sam]]

		 - Rohit worked on platforms at Shutterfly; worked a lot with MixPanel.

	 - Mixpanel
		 - MixPanel is awesome for ad-hoc analysis.

		 - Optimized for "Product Analytics"; users are PMs. Focused on product level.

	 - Performance
		 - Has their own query language: JQL (Javascript Query Language); complicated to learn by PMs, but it's really fast. 

		 - They store their data as JSON objects. That makes it really fast.

		 - JQL is proprietary for MixPanel. Based on MapReduce algorithm. No wrapper on top of it.

		 - Normal SQL interfaces have a SQL wrapper on top, which makes it slow.

	 - Data layout
		 - Two databases: one is at timestamp level; one is at user level. 

		 - The user table is like Profile export. It has everything that product analyst needs.

		 - Limitation of Profile export is that the attributes are not exhaustive. Their user level data has lot of properties.

	 - Limitations of MixPanel
		 - MixPanel can only be used by advanced coders who can work with JQL and JQuery. But SQL are more widely known.

		 - Amplitude: A direct competitor of Mixpanel, which allows SQL.

		 - Data science and statistical modeling: 
			 - MixPanel can just do ad-hoc queries. 

			 - Can do via API, but not in the product.

			 - Their product is sold to PMs, not to data scientists. 

		 - Data governance
			 - MixPanel doesn't have any data governance.

	 - Agenda
		 - What is Mixpanel? How is it so fast?

- DONE Create documentation tickets for Scheduler UI #[[Projects]]-QS-Documentation #Projects [[October 7th, 2020]]
id:: a958de97-7d59-4368-af1c-f0320aed9aef

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - DONE Lego exercise: Keep doing it and find more similar exercises. Writing fiction. Telling stories. Play-dough. Water-colors. #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - DONE Dance class with Rukma #[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil #Projects

	 - DONE Book: Zen mind beginners mind #[[Projects]]-Read-later #Projects

	 - OCD: Compulsiveness, need for structure. Discussed the origins from 5-10 years ago. Discussed where it comes up (family, work, etc.)

	 - Difficulty in decision making. Fear of making the wrong decision.

	 - I need to get a better handle on the underlying emotions.

	 - Content vs. process in therapy. Content is what patients talk about. Process is how they say it. I need to get better at understanding my process.

	 - For decision making: time-box the decisions. Impose an arbitrary limit (e.g. 5 mins). Or just make some decisions impulsively and see what happens.
