- Updated QS for CJA deck, 9-10am

- OKR review, 10-11am

- 1:1 with [[Anil Malkani]]
	 - Orchestration
		 - First get up to speed on what's there; then SQL prep team has to prep

		 - DONE Invite Keshav / Aniket to Wednesday

		 - DONE Review QS orchestration capabilities - Anil's wiki

		 - Figure out what we'll have to expose.

		 - Sierra also has a similar feature - ask Akshit jain

	 - Trust
		 - Propagation policy needs to be translated and lineage retained.

		 - How do we keep track of the labels? 

		 - ACL should also be taken consideration in addition to DULE.

	 - Current commitments
		 - Reporting infra (Saurabh)
			 - PSD

			 - Sierra

			 - Customer dashboards

		 - Iceberg (Anurag)
			 - Migration

			 - CDC

			 - Partitioning

			 - Sampling

		 - Resaerch (Shiv)
			 - Approximate querying

		 - QS
			 - Trust

			 - Query service

		 - Error codes

		 - COGS

	 - Agenda
		 - QS-Trust

		 - QS-Orchestration

- @dodeja @nmaddira Can we expose ML SQL functions for simple use cases? is it worthwhile? This will be a trusted code path
	 - We could put ML SQL functions on the roadmap, but we would need to think through what the use cases are for interactive, ad-hoc, and/or batch. 

- GTD Capture
	 - DONE Talk to jirgen about rukma cutting cucumbers and apples less perfectly. [[Jurgen Braungardt]] #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects

	 - DONE Audible plus: https://variety.com/2020/digital/news/audible-plus-1234746148/ #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - David Lynch: Art Life #Movies

	 - DONE Roam42 install #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-IT]]
		 - {{{[[roam/js]]}}}
			 - 
```javascript
var s = document.createElement('script');
	s.type = "text/javascript";
  	s.src =  "https://roam42.glitch.me/main.js";
  	s.async = true;
document.body.appendChild(s);
```

			 - 

	 - 

- Orchestration Service enhancements for SQL Data Prep with [[Keshav Vadrevu]] and [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - Rather than SQL Prep as a separate feature, fold it in to the dashboards and reporting use case.

	 - Saurabh: We need a collection of datasets specially for dashboards, and a data prep job for dashboards. We need to track, maintain, and monitor those workflows. 

	 - Keshav and I need to build a mini PPC deck to present to Jim / Dave to get this resourced

- AEP Intelligence meeting
	 - Field based stitching. three flavors:
		 - UPS exports (attribute export) for CDP customers; becoming increasingly configurable

		 - CJA does their own version of stitching (for non-CDP customers). In CJA's own compute cluster?

		 - In future, AEP will add native capability for field based stitching via Query Service.

	 - 
