- GTD
	 - DONE Loading Bay.

	 - DONE Small spinner for rukma. #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE No share togoogld keep

	 - DONE HARD toothbrush for shoe cleaning.

	 - DONE Jay drop off plan.

	 - DONE Wellness fund - existing running shorts. New running shorts. Oura ring. Running / yoga pants for rukam. Existing water bottles. Existing supplements. New yoga mat. Sleep masks. Iron gym. #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]] #2020-W51

	 - DONE I need to remove the window sticker

	 - DONE I should look for online dance lessons #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE https://www.adobegratitudegift.com/ by Dec 28

- SQL Prep customer use cases

- DONE Unhelpful QS error
	 - Hi Bret — Following up on our conversation regarding Expedia's "unhelpful error messages" complaint, the QS team has been investigating these (and similar) complaints which are often due to unexpected behavior of downstream AEP services. 

	 - To address this complaint, the QS team recently completed an effort to propagate error messages from several downstream services to end users (including RBAC, batch promotion, and spark engine): https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLATQ-3696 

	 - This fix will already lead to much more helpful error messages! Moreover, the Expedia ACS team (kfoster, skelton, suak) is also looped into the conversation on the QS Slack channel, and we will continue to monitor for further problems that we can improve on this front.

- SQL Prep Orchestration Capability plans

- Call with [[U-Box]] [[Moving to SoCal]]
	 - DONE Contact moving help to schedule and set up details #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2020-W51

	 - Storage at Kirkland location

	 - Phone number for scheduling the move this weekend: 206-721-2900

- [[QS-UPS]] call with [[Anil Malkani]], [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - DONE LASA: Wants a live connection (unlike CJA)

	 - Flow - wiki
		 - Select data group

		 - Select identity settings

		 - Select merge policy

		 - Select schedule / replay window

	 - UIS export - two formats
		 - Time based graph

		 - Other format

- [[QS-UPS]] with [[Nick Hecht]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Best Buy use case?

		 - Share deck from last meeting?

	 - [[Best Buy]] use case
		 - Original workflow
			 - Export Analytics data to GCP - Analytics data feeds (raw data with post-processed columns)

			 - Then do Data Science

			 - Stitching with third party datasets (but not comfortable sharing)

		 - Now with migration
			 - Now with CJA migration - they're losing data feeds

			 - Want access to raw data on the lake

			 - But more valuable to stitch the datasets; still raw datasets - but with additional column of stitched ID.

		 - They want to leverage Adobe ID stitching

		 - Additional lookup data
			 - Profile attributes

			 - Segment memberships

		 - Want to pull live data - not directly exported data.

	 - Home Depot
		 - Data prep in QS to prepare data for CJA FBS

		 - Problem with CJA FBS: They need persistent ID to be the same across different datasets; this is a huge limitation.

	 - Partners - C3.ai, Microsoft Dynamics (customer insight team), Pega systems
		 - Want identity stitching to combine raw event data with profile attributes.

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Wednesday

	 - Focus
		 - Use cases - what are customers doing?

		 - Use case patterns

		 - Vision

		 - Capabilities

		 - Example workflow

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Travel tips for my road trip
		 - Olympic national park

		 - King's canyon

	 - Jurgen's hypotheses from last time
		 - Parallelism between me and my father, but also quite some distance.

		 - Relation to other problems in life: I'm playing it safe (similar to my father). Not putting much at stake.

	 - My parents did not too much respect my grandmother - for her lack of intellectual / professional accomplishments.

	 - Do I regret lack of involvement from my parents? Not really. I'm actually proud of my independence. Maybe that's part of my downside?

	 - I was spoiled in my childhood. Implication is that I'm shying away from challenges in life. But I always had an over-achieving peer group. Results in an internal conflict.

	 - Lack of passion: maybe comes from my father? My father and I seem to have an emotional disconnect. Maybe this impacts other areas of life for me?

	 - I seem to have some resistance accepting the idea that my father had an outsized influence on my personality development. 

	 - My conversations with my father were very rational / argumentative; not very emotional.

	 - A lot of my personality seems to revolve around impressing my father. Why did I internalize this desire to impress my father (as opposed to mother or grandmother)? 

	 - Future sessions: talk more about my father. Who is he? How does he relate to other people and to the world?

- 
