- DONE Create profile for Kaila - added to Linkedin
	 - I'm a Product Manager for Adobe, and I'm really passionate about Machine Learning and AI.

	 - As a Product Manager on Adobe Experience Platform, I collaborate with several different teams and stakeholders to deliver features and to develop the product strategy and roadmap for Data Science Workspace. I was recently featured on the Adobe Blog: https://blogs.adobe.com/adobelife/2020/06/09/nikhil-maddirala

	 - Prior to Adobe, I worked as a management consultant for Deloitte where I worked on a wide range of strategy and analytics projects, and I published a white paper on forecasting and AI together with Deloitte's chief data scientist: https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/insights/deloitte-review/issue-19/art-of-forecasting-human-in-the-loop-machine-learning.html

	 - I have a multidisciplinary educational background including an MBA from Yale University, and I'm currently pursuing a part time Masters degree in Computer Science at the University of Pennsylvania.

- Operationalized Identity Graph Stitched Experience Events with [[Ashwin Chandra]]
	 - PPC - UPS Exports for Reporting and IS
		 - Newer deck focused on attribute export: https://adobe-my.sharepoint.com/personal/anjashar_adobe_com/Documents/Notebooks/ProfileExport/Unified%20Profile%20Export%20PPC.pptx?web=1

		 - Shiv architecture deck: https://adobe-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/p/vaithyan/Ec_OzvD9-BpBlDVMMFDjoiQBtT-39IvXja-LmicB-whevw?email=nmaddira%40adobe.com&e=4%3axvFmTn&at=9

	 - DONE Older deck focused on attribute and event export - Ashwin to share

	 - DONE Set up meeting with Shiv

	 - IS requirements
		 - They want profile attributes for every event

	 - CJA requirements
		 - Similar to IS. Want events and corresponding identity. 

	 - Two approaches
		 - Identity graph export (UIS export) + Data lake stitching

		 - Stitched event export (UPS export)

	 - Three steps
		 - Create graph (UIS)

		 - Merge profiles (UPS)

		 - Stitch events to profiles

	 - UPS vs. UIS
		 - UIS is responsible for generating graph

		 - UPS takes graph and stitches the attributes and events together

	 - CJA is currently building their own graph, but soon they will start using UIS export.

	 - Agenda
		 - Past work done? Share materials. 

		 - Anand Dantu email

		 - Requirements for CJA and IS

- Lunch & Learn - Planning Meeting with [[Kaila Squires]]
	 - Part of DSG, which rolls up into sales; 

	 - Kenneth Reisman is head of DSG and DSS

	 - DSG is about 100 people total

	 - Role is to talk about value proposition of Adobe DX to clients (e.g. improve conversions by X amount, leading to Y value)

- QS Sync: Anil / Nikhil with [[Anil Malkani]]
	 - Stitched profile export
		 - UIS export - Q1 deliverable
			 - Siphon - bucketing partition scheme

			 - QS - UIS macro to rewrite queries with id joins

		 - IS use case
			 - Not clear whether materialization is needed for dsw

			 - QS needs capability to generate and update these views

		 - CJA use case
			 - IS use case can have static data (update once a day / week); but CJA needs live stream of data

	 - Agenda
		 - Weekly slot on Reporting Huddle. Start with Tuesday? First 30 mins?

		 - Stitched profiles

- Catch-up: Nikhil / Seth with [[Seth Reilly]]
	 - Top priority: Adobe Campaign Classic (ACC) re-launch; building a new service to integrate with AEP - connective glue

	 - Building products that are connective glue

	 - Themes
		 - Supporting Solution Architects

		 - ACC re-launch

		 - Other tooling

	 - Examples of QS interaction
		 - Golf TZ - data modeling, ingestion, mapping

		 - Pre-sales for Disney - integrating AEP and Snowflake

	 - S3 connnector already exists - called Campaign connector; ask Destinations team

	 - Steven Sit's team
		 - Pritom - e2e testing and PgM; report tooling for support personnnel; Shankar is technical product owner for ACC

		 - Seth - engineering POCs

	 - Seth gave a talk at Anjul's all hands on Kohl's ACC

	 - Seth worked on [[Kevin Foster]] [[Lojas Americanas]] project; was able to replicate functionality of Python script using Orchestration API. Can already create templates in QS.
		 - DONE Seth has deck on LASA explaining all this (Kevin presented this to Anjul)

	 - 

- Meeting with [[Anil Malkani]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - DONE Prepare Perf wiki for Tues

- 
