- DONE VS Code auto-save all on exit

- DONE Weekly 1:1 with Anil M

- DONE Meeting with Anil

- {DONE}} Adobe CC [Sr. PM Opening](https://adobedx.slack.com/archives/C9FA5751T/p1596122584132800) #Projects #2020-W32 #[[Projects]]-Work-misc [[August 6th, 2020]]

- Approximate Query Processing PoC meeting with [[Saptho Nair]] and research team
	 - NM missed this meeting

	 - Recording: https://bluejeans.com/s/mw3sEJbvN22/

- Azure webinar series : Gain Real-Time SAP Data Insights with Azure Synapse Analytics
	 - Turning data into insights
		 - ERP systems hold lot of valuable data. Goal is to extract insights from this data to save costs, optimize supply chain, improve customer experience, etc. (figure 4)

		 - Azure Synapse unifies the experience of transforming ERP data to insights: (figure 1)

		 - Qlik data integration is optimized for importing SAP ERP data into Azure Synapse: figure 2

		 - Qlik Data integration architecture: figure 3

	 - Analytics-ready solution for SAP data
		 - Example dashboard: figure 5

		 - Data prep flow: figure 6

		 - Purpose built functions for data prep (no need for custom SQL): figure 7

		 - Explore datasets using SQL or Notebooks: figure 8

		 - RBAC built into the entire workflow. Users can only query what they have access to.

		 - Auto-ML with support for ONNX: figure 9

	 - Demo and new offer

- ((5bb03eb2-f84a-4234-b955-bf5894163f25))
	 - Spent a bunch of time writing a script to generate quarter and week pages for roam.

	 - Learned how to use Python's datetime functions!

	 - Script: https://gist.github.com/nikhilmaddirala/362680bd050c6a5bca7525db57a4ce5a

- Platform Query Scheduler UX Improvements meeting with [[Amy D]]
	 - Doug did not agree with the designs. Designs started out kind of crappy. JC was under a lot of pressure to deliver it due to a customer promise. (Which customer)?

	 - Amy recommended that from a QA point of view, this cannot be released. UX is also not recommended. Recommendation went to [[Ryan Wilkes]], and they decided not to ship.

	 - Issue went up the chain and it was decided that improvements are needed before shipping.

	 - Improvements
		 - API issues: when you schedule something, you need to wait for it to get registered (takes 5 minutes); UI dims out and it says "registering" and then UI never updates unless you force refresh.

		 - UI issues

	 - Next steps
		 - Amy will go through all the UI and all the existing tickets and tie them to 51316 and classify them into must-have vs. nice-to-have.

		 - This will need API support and UI support.

	 - Challenges
		 - Getting our initiatives prioritized by the API and UI teams. Lots of other competing. 

- Roam Research slack
	 - roamresearch.slack.com@nikhilmaddirala.com

	 - kdU7Mi4aUGvJfaQJ

- QS test orgs
	 - PROD: QueryService Company Org Prod

	 - STAGE: ADCStageForPQS

	 - INT: e2e-us-int-gen2-01

	 - Notes
		 - Use the accounts for AEP testing; got access from [[Anil Malkani]]

		 - Use personal account for log in: experience-stage.adobe.com / experience.adobe.com

- Task management in [[Roam Research]]
	 - [RJ Nestor's method](https://twitter.com/rjnestor/status/1255889621151551489) 

	 - Build pages like next, waiting, etc. with the relevant queries

- ((7d63cd86-3d28-40c9-bee9-219dc24fdec0))

- [[C Programming with VS Code]]
	 - Startup check-list
		 - Create make file

		 - Create build task (e.g. make) in tasks.json

		 - Create debug config in launch.json (remember: make file needs -g flag)

		 - If using remote docker, make sure extensions are installed in docker

	 - Debugging with GDB / VS Code
		 - I spent a lot of time trying to figure out how to inspect out of scope variables in the debugger. For example, if I step into a subroutine from main, but I want to inspect one of main's variables. This is not possible in VS Code, but it IS possible in GDB! This [GDB tutorial at this timestamp](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQ0ONbt-qPs&feature=youtu.be&t=1000) provides the answer: use GDB's "frame" command to switch from one frame to another and inspect variables.

		 - This is also possible in VS code and is MUCH easier than in GDB. In "call stack" simply click on main() to switch to main()'s frame

- [[Daily journal]]
	 - Skipped the morning journal because of missed alarm. Created this entry the next day.

	 - {{[[POMO]]}}

	 - [[What's on my mind today?]]

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - 6pm: Korean food truck food + salad + ice cream sandwich + 3 beers

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal
