- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- DONE QS Proficiency deck #[[Projects]]-QS-Collateral #Projects #2020-W39 [[September 24th, 2020]]
	 - Review with Meer 

- {DONE}} Anil meeting prep [[September 1st, 2020]]

- Reviewed Anil's [[QS cost model]]

- Trust for Query Service | Weekly Sync with [[Shidhin]]
	 - Stuck on Engineering resources. Under-resourced.

	 - Possible approaches
		 - Present slides at PLT?

		 - Sync with Meera?

		 - Crate QS-Trust slide / mock-up

	 - Existing UI and capabilities
		 - Policies > Labels

		 - Datasets > Data governance (shows labels)

		 - Labels are already propagated into segments

	 - {DONE}} Trust: Shidhin to share Governance Mocks and Lineage video #QS-Batch #Projects

- Monthly Query Service Roadmap and Blockers/Enhancements Review with [[Anil Malkani]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]], [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - Discussed issues between product and engineering. Lack of 

	 - Roadmap: https://adobe-my.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/personal/mesriniv_adobe_com/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7BDD0A85E6-FA2E-4D5E-87D3-49B1E688CAEE%7D&file=AEP%20Roadmap%202H%272019%20Planning.xlsx&action=default&mobileredirect=true

	 - Saurabh: NM will get looped into some dashboarding and reporting features

	 - Anil
		 - Lot more things

		 - SQL
			 - Broswer

			 - Schedule

			 - Data groups

			 - ML

			 - Power BI

			 - Long password

		 - Reporting
			 - SQL

			 - Relationships

	 - Agenda
		 - OKRS > Feature Delivery

		 - Bugs and enhancement requests

		 - Backlog and sprint review process: ML / DSW Process

- {DONE}} Update OKRs to reflect additional work #[[Projects]]-QS-misc #Projects

- {DONE}} Anil https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLATIR-10377 [[September 2nd, 2020]] #[[Projects]]-QS-misc #Projects

- {DONE}} [[EMBA]] F1-W2 #2020-W36 #EMBA #Projects [[September 3rd, 2020]]
	 - DONE Discussion 1
		 - Response {{word-count}}
			 - (1) Who are the stakeholders in this dilemma? Ahmed's primary stakeholders in this situation are his employers at the library and the University's administration as a whole. His other stakeholders include his professors, his classmate, Bill, and indirectly Bill's customers. 

(2) Are Bill’s actions an ethical issue, a legal issue or both? Bill's actions are both an ethical and a legal issue. It is clearly a legal issue, because he is not only pirating content (which in itself is illegal), but he is also engaging in commerce based on the pirated content by selling it for money (which is even more illegal). Bill is also abusing his position as an employee with IT access, which is an ethical issue between Bill and Bill's employer, which probably violates the terms of their agreement.

(3) What are some risks Ahmed faces if he remains silent? Ahmed faces risks from both law enforcement and from his employer if he remains silent. If and when his employer discovers what happened, Ahmed will most likely be fired form his job and possibly reported to the authorities / law enforcement. Once law enforcement gets involved, he may be subject to prosecution and the penalties for his actions may include fines as well as potential jail time.

		 - Prompt
			 - Based on the Business Challenge case at the end of chapter 4 in our main text, who are the stakeholders in this dilemma? Are Bill’s actions an ethical issue, a legal issue or both? What are some risks Ahmed faces if he remains silent?

	 - DONE Discussion 2
		 - Response {{word-count}}
			 - (1) Honesty: The textbook states that "Dishonesty can be broadly defined as a lack or absence of integrity, incomplete disclosure, and an unwillingness to tell the truth." By this definition, Daniel's marketing campaign is a clear example of dishonesty, because it fits the description of incomplete disclosure (failing to disclose Kunies' vegetarianism and her issues with cholesterol), and an unwillingness to tell the truth. This is a clear-cut example of dishonesty.

(2) Integrity: The textbook states that "organizations should not knowingly harm customers, clients, employees, or even other competitors through deception, misrepresentation, or coercion." By this definition, Daniel's marketing campaign does not fit the criteria for integrity, because it is an instance of knowingly harming customers through deception, because the campaign deceives customers into thinking that Kunies personally advocates YOLO's products, even though Kunies is a vegetarian who has suffered cholesterol issues due to YOLO's products.

(3) Fairness: The textbook states that "Fairness is the quality of being just, equitable, and impartial." By this definition, it is not clear whether Daniel's marketing campaign is fair or not. Since the campaign is not in the position of making judgements or decisions, the concept of fairness does not really seem to apply here.

In conclusion, I believe that Daniel's marketing campaign lacks integrity and honesty, but it is neither fair nor unfair.

		 - Prompt
			 - Based on the Business Challenge case at the end of chapter 3 in our main text, does Daniel’s marketing campaign violate the concepts of fairness, honesty or integrity as outlined in our text? Please provide specific examples.

	 - DONE Simulation
		 - Chapter 3 Ethical Knowledge Questions (3 questions)
			 - 3/3

		 - Chapter 4 Ethical Knowledge Questions (3 questions)
			 - 3/3

		 - Chapter 3 Ethical Decisions Questions (3 questions)
			 - 3/3

		 - Chapter 4 Ethical Decisions Questions (5 questions)
			 - 5/5

	 - DONE Week 2 POM Case Study
		 - Response {{word-count}}
			 - Is there any difference in potential deception between Coca-Cola’s advertisers and POM Wonderful’s advertising?
				 - According to what is described in the case, both Coca-Cola and POM Wonderful engaged in potentially deceptive advertising practices. However, there is a difference in the nature of the potential deception. Whereas POM Wonderful's deception was about the potential benefits of their product, Coca-Cola's deception on the other hand was about the very nature of the product itself. For this reason, I believe that Coca-Cola was more deceptive than POM wonderful. I will briefly analyze both of the potential deceptions in this section. 

				 - Regarding Coca-Cola, the case state that "despite its promotion of blueberry and pomegranate, 99.4 percent of the beverage consisted of apple and grape juices" (Ferrell et al., 2018, Case 04). What we see here is a deception regarding the very nature of the product itself. The customer thinks they are buying a Pomegranate Blueberry product (at least, that is what the customer is led to believe based on Coca-Cola's advertising), but in reality the customer is purchasing an apple and grape based product. Thus, the customer  does not even properly know what he / she is purchasing.

				 - POM's deception, on the other hand, is not about the very nature of the product, but is about the putative benefits of the product. The case tells us that "POM Wonderful has largely based its success on marketing claims concerning its healthy attributes and its ability to help reduce chances for disease" (Ferrell et al., 2018, Case 04). In this case, the customer thinks they are purchasing a pomegranate product, and they are in reality purchasing a pomegranate product, so there is no deception in this aspect (like there is with Coca Cola). However, the deception concerns the customer's expectations about the benefits of this product.

			 - Why does the FTC want food and supplement makers’ claims about the health impact of their products to be substantiated with clinical trials?
				 - The case states that the FTC wants such claims to be substantiated by clinical trials, because of the following goal that the FTC has: "The goal of the FTC is to crack down on food and dietary supplement manufacturers that make misleading claims upon which consumers depend" (Ferrell et al., 2018, Case 04). Thus, in sum, it is out of concern for consumer welfare that the FTC is insisting upon this standard. If it were not for such rigorous standards, product manufacturers would be free to make wildly inaccurate and misleading claims, which are a threat to consumer welfare.

			 - Do you feel that POM Wonderful—a product with known health attributes—should be subjected to the same scrutiny as drug companies if it wants to make health claims about its product?
				 - This is a tricky question, because it requires us to balance two competing values of our society: freedom and safety. On the one hand we want to allow freedom to companies to be able to engage in free speech, and we want to allow freedom to consumers to be able to choose the products and services they purchase. On the other hand, we want to ensure the safety and well-being of consumers, and we want to ensure that they are making their decisions based on accurate information, rather than on the basis of false and misleading claims. Thus, it has been observed by many scholars that there is a tension between the first amendment rights guaranteeing freedom of speech on the one hand and the FTC's guidelines on the other hand (__Censoring Online Influencers: FTC Endorsement Guidelines and the First Amendment__, 2020). 

				 - I believe that the truth of the matter lies in the middle ground between the positions favoring freedom and the positions favoring consumer safety. In conclusion, I believe that POM Wonderful should be subjected to some amount of scrutiny in order to make health claims, but I believe that the extent of such scrutiny may be lower than the scrutiny to which drug companies are subjected, because the significance of POM's claims is lower than the significance of drug company claims, and POM's claims usually do not impinge upon life and death circumstances.

			 - References
				 - Ferrell, O. C., Fraedrich, J., & F. (2018). __Business Ethics: Ethical Decision Making & Cases__ (12th ed.). Cengage Learning.
					 - (Ferrell et al., 2018, Case 04)

				 - __Censoring Online Influencers: FTC Endorsement Guidelines and the First Amendment__. (2020). The National Law Review. https://www.natlawreview.com/article/censoring-online-influencers-ftc-endorsement-guidelines-and-first-amendment
					 - (__Censoring Online Influencers: FTC Endorsement Guidelines and the First Amendment__, 2020)

		 - Prompt

	 - DONE CPT Memo
		 - What was the focus of the course work this week?
			 - Ethical Issues & The Institutionalization of Business Ethics

		 - What were the topics?
			 - In this week's coursework I examined the ethical issues of honesty, fairness, and integrity. I examined hypothetical and real business scenarios in which individuals and organizations had to deal with ethical conflicts centered on honesty, fairness, and integrity. I analyzed a fascinating case study on the advertising practices of POM Wonderful and Coca-Cola and the ethical issues related to consumer welfare and freedom of speech.  

		 - How does it relate to your work? 
			 - As a Product Manager for Adobe Experience Platform, my product's customers include the marketing and advertising departments of large enterprises and Fortune 500 companies. This week's coursework (and especially the case study) as it related to ethical issues in advertising, was especially useful to my product. Based on my learning, I have the ability to think of some product ideas that can help our customers (advertisers and marketers) in their quest to maintain ethical standards.

	 - {DONE}} Discussion responses #2020-W36 #EMBA #Projects [[September 3rd, 2020]]

- DONE Prepare Azure notebook for Ken Wong #Projects #[[Projects]]-MCIT #2020-W42 [[October 15th, 2020]]
	 - Here are two of the notebooks with long running jobs that kept timing out:
		 - https://ml.azure.com/fileexplorerAzNB?wsid=/subscriptions/b36aefde-b2f1-499b-9e7b-be346b130aad/resourcegroups/fastai-test-resource-group/workspaces/fastai-test-ml&tid=e652e587-8648-4e1a-9c2b-c7a303d9a588&activeFilePath=Users/nikhil.maddirala/mcit-hackathon-2020/test01.ipynb

		 - https://ml.azure.com/fileexplorerAzNB?wsid=/subscriptions/b36aefde-b2f1-499b-9e7b-be346b130aad/resourcegroups/fastai-test-resource-group/workspaces/fastai-test-ml&tid=e652e587-8648-4e1a-9c2b-c7a303d9a588&activeFilePath=Users/nikhil.maddirala/mcit-hackathon-2020/AAF-v1.ipynb
