- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  20}}
		 - Daily journal for today. What's on my mind? I'm not sure. Well, I've been thinking a little bit about work, because well, I got some anoying message. Well, why did this message annoy me? I think it's a good opportunity for reflection. How  am I feeling about this situation with Khoa's message? Some sensation in my stomach of discomfort? How do I describe that? Where else do I feel anything? A little above the stomach below the chest. Also on the top of my chest there's a little tightness that forms. Then my face frowns completely when stuff like this happens. Now, what about on the intllectual level? Or cognitively what's bugging me about this? Someone had a question. OK. It's ill formed. That's also OK. They don't seem to be approaching this in a reasonable way, but that's also OK, because they don't know anything. That's fine. Why should it bother me? Well, I think it's kind of derailing my vacation. Really? How so? It's such a small problem to be dealing with. I should offer to chat with that guy on BlueJeans and just help him out. Won't I feel better about it? Also, it's such a small task for me to be working on. It's like a little mosquito bite. Shouldn't let it bother me.

		 - Mind wandered to car problems... I think I would feel better if someone looked at this car and told me that it was normal. That's kind of what I'm seeking at this point. Just some validation. As Piyush suggesgted, maybe I can go to Avis first and then maybe to a [[Hyundai Tucson]] service center. 

		 - Just got the urge to look at my phone. What was that? I wanted to know what new messages were there. My mind went to the Khoa question at work, and then I immediately thought I should check my phone for the message. But I'm doing nothing. I mean, I can check this after some time. This is a good pause.

		 - What else is going on in the ocean of my mind? The ocean of mind. That's an interesting phrase. There are tasks and responsibilities that I can think of. There's the immigration questionnaires. That's another annoying situation. How can every situation be annoying? These are situations that all normal people go through. It's in fact my desire for everything to be perfect (or conform to my own idael of perfection) that is causing me to perceive these as annoyances. Every time I describe something as annoying, or I frown inwardly at something, I should pause and ask myself if this is really annoying? Or what is it that's making it annoying? OK, so someone is behaving in a way that I don't like, or the world is not conforming to my expectations... but is it really a big deal? Why do I think it's a big deal? How do I learn not to get annoyed by small things. It goes back to my desire for controlling and ordering the world. I hold very firmly to a certain worldview and expectation set, and I am not good at tolerating deviance from it. That's OK. It's all OK. Breathe deeply for a bit, and then it will all be good. Also keep investigating and reflecting. That's something that will never stop. But my life and my job is so great right now. What cause have I for any sort of worry? Really none. I should chill, and remind myself, this is water.

		 - What were the lessons from DFW's this is water speech? That I need to focus my attention / sorry, I need to be careful in choosing what I focus my attention on and what I feed. Should get out of my self centered view of the world, that everything is about me. It isn't. Have a more expansive perspective. Loving kindness. See Khoa with love. All things are to be loved.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Misc
	 - SEVIS ID: N0024898789

- Get fedex
	 - 3992 2421 9206

- DONE Expedia Sam / Vinod ticket
	 - Hi team — Sam Kuttler from Expedia reached out about this query (below). Can anybody help him understand why the query is failing and returning a 58000 error? (sessionId: 4ea7ccd3-b53e-4506-b38e-ce866dc20be7

	 - 
