- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Good morning journal! We have two weeks left in the work year. This week and next week. Both are actually short weeks. Then we have two more weeks left in the calendar year for vacation / retreat / planning. 

		 - For work, I'll just ask Saurabh how I can make the most of the two weeks left. I'm guessing the answer will be UPS export stuff. And that's fine. I'll just make sure to push everything else to the next year in my list. If that's the priority for Meera and Saurabh, then that's the priority for me, and that's also how I'm going to get ahead at work... not by doing performance testing and cost governance.

		 - For the retreat / planning portion of it, this I'll need to sit down with Rukma and review. That should be the focus of our shared tasks this week and next week. How to make the most of that activity. Then on personal? I don't really have anything that I'm trying to accomplish on the personal level for now. Oh, there's the Google / FB job application thing, but that can wait for a bit. Then there's my course... but really that just involves making sure that I'm staying on track for passing and that I'm not failing. Not a problem, I'll manage all of that stuff. 

		 - The rest of this year will be super chill. I can feel it already. What else is on my mind? Ram Mummy and Prem Mummy wrote to congratulate us... need to ask mom and dad what the context is for that. Probably about our marriage.

		 - And it will be good for us to plan a vacation to India. Unfortunately, it may not properly coincide with my Adobe shut down, but I'm sure I can figure something out. Some combination of taking time off and also working from home. Although working from home will be a total pain in the ass, I'll try to get as much time off as possible, and let's see how it goes. Rukma's dad has his birthday, so it will be nice to attend that. And we'll try to split our time in Hyderabad and Bombay with at least 5 days in each place. Yes, that will be nice. I'm sure by then something will work out with my visa / travel. Either the EAD or H1 travel will be reasonable by then. Let's see which of the two happens. That reminds me that I need to ping the Chugh people. Not super confident in what they're doing, but let me ask Sharmila aunty for some help on this. Let's see what can be done. Ultimately I think it's a sufficiently straightforward case that we shouldn't run into any trouble.

		 - Anyway, what else is going on? We have our road trip coming up, that reminds me - do I need to get the car looked into? Or maybe I should do that when going to San Diego? Or at least get the oil changed? Need to research.

		 - DONE Car maintenance / oil change plan - try to research past maintenance record and what is needed - get oil changed either in Dec or Jan at the latest

		 - Then what? I think I'm pretty free in my mind right now. Not too much that's bothering me or holding me down. Oh, last thing is the health and welness stuff. I think for now, I'm just sticking to the diet / not eating during the day plan. Let me try to keep it up during our break as well. That will be good. And then in Jan I'll definitely get back to running. Maybe even make running 5x or 6x per week. Just focus on that for a while may be good, even if I'm taking a break from resistance work. Yes, that's the plan for at least 2 months. In SD. Just focus on the running, nothing else. It'll all be good.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Meeting with Saurabh on CA deck
	 - DONE Update customer list
		 - CJA - best buy, home depot

		 - IS - ask Anthony

		 - Dashboards - LASA, 

		 - Enterprise sync - Walmart, 

		 - DSW 

	 - We are doing SELECTIVE stitching, unlike UPS which is too expensive

	 - UI mocks
		 - Select datsets

		 - Select ID columns

		 - Schedule

		 - Data Prep Job - result can be used for

	 - DONE Ask Akin - difference between "customer profile analytics" and "omnichannel analytics" - which is the right term?

	 - DONE Send Keshav slides

- GTD
	 - DONE Unify splitwise and venmo emails

	 - DONE Jay splitwise #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Finance]]

	 - 

- Sync with [[Keshav Vadrevu]]
	 - Overview of stitched profiles

	 - Black vs. blue mocks

	 - 

- 1-1 with [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - Identity stitching - CJA's needs
		 - Need materialized datasets (not just views)

		 - GDPR compliance

	 - CJA already has a solution for identity stitching; technically it can be enabled for DSW and other customers as well. It was FBS, but the same solution can be used with UIS export. Why can't we re-use this solution?

	 - DONE Ask Saurabh for presentation on dashboards at next Bret meeting

- UIS for CJA meeting with [[Brian Pong]], [[Matt Freestone]], [[Rohit Gossain]]
	 - CJA data flow slide - Brian's PPC replaces the ID map; my project should ideally replace the "stitched dataset".

	 - CJA stitching has two parts - live stitch and replay. Replay goes back 7 days about once a week.

	 - CJA UI - in connection manager; they automatically create the stitched datasets.

	 - Input from customer
		 - Which dataset

		 - What is the presistent ID column

		 - What is the transient ID column 

	 - Future inputs from customer
		 - Lookback window

	 - Matt Freestone needs to do another PPC for how they consume ID map

- Coffee chat with [[Ashok Pancily Poothiyot]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Context: FB / Google recruiters have reached out to me.

		 - Interview prep? 

		 - How to prepare for interviews?

		 - What about leveling? Should I wait for Senior PM promotion?

	 - FB Interview
		 - Round 1: Product sense, execution

		 - Round 2: 

	 - Interview prep
		 - Books
			 - Cracking the PM interivew

			 - PM interview questions

			 - Decode and conquer

		 - Online
			 - Exponent

	 - Interview questions
		 - FB / Google generalist PM interviews are not focused on behavioral; final round is leadership and drive - behavioral

	 - FB
		 - 1 - 2 months of Bootcamp before you are assigned to a role; team matching in parallel

		 - Intensity: first half (first six months) is super chill; maybe second half is more intense

		 - Product culture:

	 - 

- Office hours : {{embed  ((ebbcf8dc-14b9-4567-8ac3-06d5aad68e15))}}
	 - Look: why new fd to rfds

	 - I am overriding

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Discussed childhood experiences of growing up with nanamma and then moving to the UK, US. Nanamma was my primary caregiver.

	 - Some tension between my mother and nanamma.

	 - I have a very indirect relationship to my feelings.

	 - Nanamma very emotionally expressive; dad not so much; mom in between.

	 - Dad was emotionally unexpressive - and he was a role model for me. This could be a causal factor.

	 - How am I expressive with Rukma. Primarily through touch. But that's not available in other relationships - especially not with myself.

	 - I am very different when I am with Rukma vs others. My mom commented on this too.

	 - Lack of emotional expressivity may also explain why I have a lack of passion.

	 - The story today also confirms for Jurgen some things that he thought about me - ask what?

- DONE Wedding guest list estimate #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]] #2020-W53
