- AEP Query Service Demos with [[Wouter]]
	 - Mathieu is working on re-usable demo assets; Wouter is doing the same for EMEA. Mathieu focuses on Adobe ecosystem, Wouter focuses on integrations with other.

	 - DONE Try out Wouter's Comprehensive Technical Tutorial for Adobe Experience Platform

	 - Both environments are different: Wouter vs. Mathieu; and they can't be merged.

	 - Online tutorial: Comprehensive technical tutorial for AEP

	 - Slack: aep-enablement-international

	 - Agenda
		 - Demo process

- Combined scrum
	 - Working on pg-admin support. Why did this get prioritized?

- [[Bi-Weekly | CJA/Query Closed Loop]] 
	 - Field based stitching
		 - Need to write up the requirements. Who are the consumers? DSW, Query, Intelligent Services, etc.

		 - Profile vs. Analytics: Different requirements and priorities. Analytics prioritizes historical analysis, which is different from real-time profile analysis.

	 - Agenda
		 - Review issues tracker

- SQL Data Prep Sync: Keshav / Nikhil with [[Keshav Vadrevu]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Keshav to present UI mocks

- Dave / Nikhil: AEPQS-CJA Sync
	 - Agenda
		 - Follow-up from closed loop meeting: ADWH / Data feeds parity

- 1:1 Saurabh / Nikhil
	 - CJA use cases

	 - How to bolster CDP use case for QS?
		 - We need functions that are specific for marketing.

		 - {DONE}} We need QS on profile store. Talk to Eric Knee on Disney use case.

	 - UI improvements
		 - We need to ask UI team for 15 things so they give us 2-3.

		 - First present to broader Meera's team

	 - Agenda
		 - OKRs update / [Saurabh's proposed projects](https://adobe-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/personal/samahapa_adobe_com/_layouts/15/guestaccess.aspx?e=mTkJ19&share=EZzs0z3yKhxCs5seomoRGtABaDW25MrrTliao7FhqmFHig)
			 - My select list (order of priority): CJA, SQL Prep and Orchestration

			 - Anil's list: CJA (already promised), Long password, Power BI 

		 - Collateral update

		 - UI update

- Query Service Entitlements
	 - Batch - no metering
		 - Compute team is working on this. Andrew to share Jira; https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLAT-66517

		 - Number of concurrent batch queries

	 - Ad-hoc - 
		 - default 5, add-ons in multiples of 5

		 - no increases have actually been done; only random requests from Kevin Foster's team (goes up to 50 / 100 / etc.) depending on needs.

	 - RBAC
		 - Only one RBAC permission

	 - Agenda
		 - Is this right?

- {DONE}} Demo system next

- DONE Add "cd ../../vagrant" to vagrantfile? #[[Projects]]-MCIT-595 #Projects

- [[Couples counseling]] with [[Jeremy Moot]]
	 - www.google.com 

	 - Insurance - Generates a superbill at the end of every month which I can submit for reimbursement to insurance. Diagnosis is for "family therapy"; I am primary, and partner is included.

	 - EFT: Emotionally focused therapy; Sue Johnson (Canada) founder

	 - Times: Monday 5:30pm; Sunday slots too

	 - Thoughts: Liked structure; seems like a nice guy; very upfront and honest

	 - Agenda
		 - What's the process?

		 - How does insurance work?
