- G-Keep
	 - DONE Separate WhatsApp photos from regular #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-IT]]

	 - DONE G-Photos partner sharing #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Mythology content - research podcasts and YT channels on mythology (or fiction in general) #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - DONE Disconnecting as a goal. list areas goals. #[[Projects]]-Personal-Goals #Projects

	 - DONE Find clay Christen video with Johannes.

	 - DONE Hiking boots #[[Projects]]-Shopping #Projects

	 - DONE Alltrails shares sub

	 - DONE Unsubscribe Ali abdaal

	 - DONE Fiction reading - myth re tellings. Norse. #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects
		 - DONE Rukma's Discount card to 1p #[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil #Projects 

	 - DONE Fix QFC account

	 - DONE Buy Airpot
		 - https://smile.amazon.com/Dispenser-Stainless-Double-Wall-Insulated-Effectively/dp/B07W43JY3Y/ref=sr_1_8?dchild=1&keywords=airpot&qid=1600105229&sr=8-8 $20 for 1.9L no tray

		 - https://smile.amazon.com/Thermal-Stainless-Insulated-Thermos-Retention/dp/B07W4XHPF3/ref=sr_1_7?dchild=1&keywords=airpot%2Bdrip%2Btray&qid=1600289128&sr=8-7&th=1 $37 for 2.2L with tray

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Cost model

		 - Collateral
			 - Proficiency deck

			 - FAQs - questions OK?

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Issue of standards: always comes up during vacation; during goals review

	 - What's the character of the critical voice? Disappointment and frustration.

	 - How did I lose my organic ways of motivating myself? Why is everything a goal?

	 - Fear of letting go of goals; that things will fall apart if I let go. Exacerbated by the fact that things have actually fallen apart (depressive episodes).

	 - There's a fear of depending on other people. I have an obsessive compulsive structure. OCD.

	 - DONE Homework: How much does OCD apply to me? #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects

	 - DONE Homework: Learn how to play. Talk to Rukma. Try to play unstructured games.
