- [[Daily journal]] 
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]]
		 - What do I want to write about today? I was listening to Durant's story of civilization. Or rather, I have been. I've previously described it as a series of wikipedia articles in the sense that it's very informative, but also rather boring as a narrative. That's somewhat of an exaggeration, it's in reality somewhere between a Wikipedia article and an interesting narrative. Although it probably falls closer to the Wikipedia end of the spectrum. Anyway, the chapters on India have been interesting to me, because I have an interest in the subject. First, starting with the political history it seems that the greatest rulers were Ashoka and the pre-Ashokan ruler with Kautilya. India was at its zenith at the time, and never reached such heights until the time of Akbar later. In between there was the Mauryan dynasty which was the most significant. And then a bunch of lesser kingdoms such as the Vijaynagara empire, under which literature and art flourished, but were not so expansive politically. Also it was in the post-Ashokan period that Bhraminiacal and Sanskrit culture reigned supreme. Before that Buddhism was ascendent and Brahminism was kind of declining. The great Mahavira and Buddha were giving voice to counterveiling tendencies and a counterculture against Brahminism. Anyway, that trend got reversed after the defeat of Ashoka. Then later Durant attributes the inward looking philoosphy and religious character of India as a reason for it's military weakness and that may account for why the muslim mongols and turks were able to sack India so often. Then there's the Mughal dynasty from Babar to Aurangazeb. Until Akbar, nothing new was revealed. Although it's interesting to note that Akbar was a very violent youth in his childhood, going through rites of passage where he had to behead hindu infidels to prove himself, etc. Also, apparently he totally rejected all philosophy, reading, etc. in his youth. This troubled him in his later years when he wanted to learn, but since he could not read he had people in his court read to him constantly while he listened. Akbar was the true philosopher king of history. He advocated for freedom of speech and religion (which was totally contrary to what his muslim faith demanded of him); he encouraged conferences in his court constantly where people of different faiths and philosophical beleifs would come and argue for their case, moreover he married several wives of all different religions, and he himself did not believe in the supremacy of islam or any one religion, believing instead that each religion had something of value to offer. But the flipside of this was that he lost respect among the muslim elite ruler class, and especially his children did not respect him. Towards the end of his life, he had pretty much no friends and followers, and his children were constantly conspiring to kill him and engaging in battles of succession. After he died, he gave way to a very cruel lineage of Jehangir and Shah Jahan. Apparently they were the two most cruel rulers in the history of the Mughal race. The plundered the country, incrased taxation to unbearable levels to support their own opulence, violently oppressed Hindus, etc. Then cam Aurangazeb, whose description in the book was most surprising to me. Apparently he was a saintly religious fanatic. He was like a St. Augustine on the throne. He lived and breathed religion in a most austere manner. He rejected any luxury and opulence (jewelry, fine clothing, etc.) and only would indulge within the scope of money that he earned through his own labor. But his fanaticism also did lead to a lot of cruelty, and after him, his dynasty crubmled. #[[Will Durant]] #[[Mughals]]

		 - What do I want to do today? I have a good couple of hours in the morning that I can make good use of. What to do with this time? Yes, some work related activities. Start looking into the cost reports. Have a win for Saurabh. Present some slides.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - 7pm
			 - 3 eggs

			 - cauliflower meat fried rice

			 - large creamy salad

	 - [[Anything else?]]

- [[QS-CG]] wiki draft {{[[POMO]]}}
	 - Cost data

	 - Where to get data on Azure spend?
		 - DMAI: Self-service reporting dashboard for Azure spend data (dmai.corp.adobe.com).

		 - Finance team's internal reports: Tyler Hansen's team (primarily Lovely Grover) can generate internal finance reports on Azure spend. These reports should be identical to DMAI reports except for minor differences due to reverse credits, etc.

		 - In this report and analysis, we will rely on DMAI data.

	 - How to identify which Azure subscriptions are tied to QS?
		 - Go to: Workspace Cost Centers ([Wiki](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=DMSArchitecture&title=Workspace+Cost+Centers))

		 - Navigate to: "Workspace Details" and search all the workspace pages for "query service"

		 - Source: I learned this from Paul Midura and Andrew Chen 

		 - Result: Below 4 unique subs are tied to QS. See excel for more details.
			 - DMa/AEP-Compute-005 PRD (AZR2715)

			 - DMa/AEP-Compute-020 STG (AZR2830)

			 - DMa/AEP-Compute-005 STG (AZR2815)

			 - DMa/AEP-Compute-006 PREPRD (AZR2616)

	 - COGS vs. OPEX
		 - Commercial accounts are tied to COGS; rest are Opex.

		 - We classify all Prod expenses as COGS and all Int / Stage expenses as OPEX. This is not strictly accurate, because Prod includes both Commercial and NFR accounts, but it's the best we can do.

	 - Questions
		 - Does the cost for a particular month correspond to the usage for that same month?

	 - Other
		 - DONE Email paul about missing sub

- QS Shared Decks review
	 - CJA decks
		 - AA architecture is migrating over to CJA + AEP

		 - AA team introduced [[field based stitching]] as an alternative to  UIS.

		 - Need to support analytics data processing.

	 - DONE Customer - Demo confusing #[[Saurabh Mahapatra]]

- Adobe Analytcs vs. Google Analytics 
	 - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVMjnK0ay-Y) compares how to do some common marketing tasks in both platforms.

- Database vs [[data lake]] vs [[data warehouse]]
	 - DB: is typically structured with a defined schema (e.g. SQL). Intended for transactional data, not analytics.

	 - DWH: sits on top of several DBs, optimized for analytics and business intelligence. Schema on write: schema created as data enters DWH.

	 - Data Lake: central repository for structured and unstructured data. Schema on read: Schema is created as and when needed.

	 - Ref
		 - [What is the difference between Database vs. Data lake vs. Warehouse?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E49BFhThC3U)

		 - https://images.app.goo.gl/qnid9p7hc8zGyDiF8

- [[AEP-CG]] meeting with Abhilash Sajja
	 - AEP-CG started in Sept 2019, Abhi started the project. Then it got traction, and leadership took interest - Eric Thompson leads it now.

	 - In 2020, Abhi expanded scope from DSW-CG to AEP-CG; 

	 - Abhi's other role is to be part of efficiency engineering team - how to analyze usage vs spend and; aaron bartlett and daniel marcus lead the team. Nav Hothi also works on the same team. Abhi is primarily focus on Cosmos DB. 

	 - Compute is tricky because it's a managed service by Azure, so we don't have a lot of control. Managed services include Azure Databricks, AKS, etc. Primarily, we can control usage patterns and prioritization. Tradeoffs between cost and performance (speed, etc.)

	 - AEP-Compute team: Paul Mackles and Dave Sliwa are responsible for all things DataBricks on AEP. They maintain the Compute UI tool that I'm using for workspace analysis.

	 - Work with Andrew Chen and Paul Mackles

- [[MCIT-Mentorship]] call with Lixin Peng
	 - Background: She works for Dell on their partner software implementation team

	 - Questions
		 - How to optimize application?

		 - How to do work-life balance?

		 - How does this program help with job?

		 - What are the career resources available?

		 - Why formal course instead of online courses?

- QS Intro meeting with [[Anil Malkani]]
	 - Notes
		 - NM to own batch query and ad-hoc query, while Suarabh owns interactive and reporting. Basically NM is owning everythig in production right now.

		 - Interactive is the big thing we're trying to ship later this year. It touches upon batch also. Intearctive is a use-case for me as batch PM.

		 - Anil: three areas I might work on:
			 - Materialized view

			 - Approximate view

			 - Predicitve query

		 - QS architecture
			 - Two flows:
				 - User flows

				 - Service token flow

	 - Agenda
		 - Team overview

- 1:1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - DONE COGS cost data by number of sessions or queries

	 - DONE Get access to a demo org across int, stage, prod

	 - Scheduled batch queries for SQL data prep 
		 - We need to figure out what the limits are.

		 - DONE Schedule batch PRD page

		 - DONE Meeting with JuanCarlos (JC)

		 - DONE Meeting with K Foster on roadmap

		 - DONE Meet with Amy D on UI

	 - Meera [[AEP Insights]] Deck
		 - Three use cases
			 - CJA

			 - DSW

			 - BI 

		 - Enterprise sync: 
			 - export from unified profile; what enterprise connectors are there and how quickly can we bring them into the system? How do we get data into profile? Then how do we take this out into our other destinations like Azure, etc.?

			 - Currently exports are manual; no automatic exports.

		 - Gap analysis
			 - CJA has a big gap - Dave McNamee stuff

			 - Egress - no orchestration service

	 - GTM
		 - Anil C discovered AEP is hard to sell; Adobe doesn't have experience selling to CTO / CIO; we only know how to sell to CMO. Meera's team role is to teach that to AEP, whereas Trevor / Dave / etc. primarily focused on CMO. Revised strategy is to cut down the price of CJA and AEP and minimize the offering. We want to price it at around $300k so that we can win against small competitors like Telium / Segment.

		 - AEP-Insights is what's left behind after we carved out CDP and CJA as separate SKUs.

		 - DX business is centered on Applications; they are selling the app as SaaS business model; apps got clobbered around 2010 - 2016, because the output of these apps started going to data lakes. CMOs started collaborating with CIOs. CIOs are questing why CMOs are buying these point solutions.

		 - Adobe's DX problems: Our apps will get devalued if data from our apps goes out to public clouds. A large part of Adobe's value prop.

	 - Agenda
		 - QS eng team: I attended daily scrum, weekly scrum, happy hour; going through 1:1s

		 - CJA: met with Dave M; going to meet with Trevor

		 - CG: [Wiki done](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/DMSArchitecture/Query+Service+Cost+Governance). Waiting for Grafana

- QS Intro meeting with [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - [[Yogitha Chilukuri]] was part of the QS PM team and participated in some interlock meetings with Trevor.

	 - Legacy AA
		 - AA architecture was based on OLAP cubes, and they were not scalable. Then they introduced a custom database called Axle; built by AA team specifically for reporting. Proprietary hierarchical format. Axle is way faster than Spark or other generic solutions, because it is specifically optimized. Service 5B+ queries in June. 95% returned sub-second.

		 - Data flows from hits > visits > visitors, i.e., raw > mid > post

		 - Puck - oberon architecture (worker - master architecture) based on Shakespeare.

		 - Query speed is fundamental to the value of Analysis Workspace. It's super interactive and fast. Revolutinary step for AA. We win vs. Google Analytics because of better UX and speed.

		 - Data Warehouse (AA DWH) is separate from Axle and it sits on top of the data layer.

	 - Problems with legacy AA
		 - Need to support omnichannel data.

		 - Axle is not super scalable; need to requisition more hardware.

		 - Axle doesn't support data out of order. So it won't support addition of third party data, etc.

	 - Solution
		 - Re-do Axle on top of ADLS as a cloud native. This new architecture is called Ares.

	 - Query Service
		 - QS is needed to overcome the limitations of Ares.

		 - Use case 1: QS is included in CJA, because it gives customers an inexpensive way of exploring data before putting into Ares / Axle to import into Analysis workspace.

		 - Use case: Debug individual events

		 - Use case: Queries that require shuffle steps require QS, because we can't do this with Ares.

		 - Use case: Data prep for CJA.

	 - DONE Create deck on QS for CJA
		 - Trevor's two issues:

		 - Scaling: How we scale by customer; QS does not auto-scale based on amount of data purchased; CJA is priced based on num_rows of data; no matter how large a customer you are, CJA performance will be the same. QS does not do this. Our most valuable customers (e.g. Sony) will have the worst experience.

		 - Product cross-compatibility: Numbers don't match between the two systems. Ref: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/ACA/DV2+%28Data+Views+2.0%29+Requirements+Page

	 - DONE Set up weekly / biweekly sync with Trevor 

- Onboarding Query notifications to Customer notification service with [[Vahid]] #Meeting
	 - Pulse notification service
		 - Problem: No way to check the status of batch ingestion. Need to keep checking if data is ingested. Pulse solves this problem.

		 - Pulse system does both UI and email notifications.

		 - DONE Notification requirements for scheduled queries
			 - Frequency of notifications / expected load

			 - Use cases: 
				 - scheduled query completion notifications

				 - when a scheduled query exceeds a threshold, I want a notification / alert. 

				 - Results of query should go in email.

	 - Agenda
		 - How to incorporate into scheduled query roadmap

- Ottawa W30
	 - Discussion 1
		 - Response
			 - Information policy: Information policy is essential for managing the firm's data resources, because the information policy is the starting point where the principles and rules are defined for how the firm's data resources should be managed. This policy should clarify questions such as: "who has access to read what data?", "who has access to write what data?", "how long should what data be retained for?", "how do we respect customer's privacy requests?", etc. The answers to these questions will form the starting point for data management within an organization.

Data administration: Data administration is the process whereby we ensure that the policies outlined above are actually being implemented and used by the organization. 
"Data administration ensures that the entire life cycle of data use and processing is on par with the enterprise’s objective." (__Data Administration__, 2020) Without such administration, the organization could not meet its data and information policy objectives.

Data quality assurance: Quality assurance is the last step in the data lifecycle. It is needed to ensure the the policies and the administration of the policies goes smoothly without any hiccups. Without this last step of quality assurance, it is quite possible that a lot of errors would slip through the cracks.


**References**

__Data Administration__. (2020). Techopedia.Com. https://www.techopedia.com/definition/28399/data-administration

		 - Prompt
			 - How businesses store, organize, and manage their data has a tremendous impact on organizational effectiveness. Data has become central and even vital to an organization’s survival.

			 - Why are information policy, data administration, and data quality assurance essential for managing the firm’s data resources?

	 - Discussion 2
		 - Response
			 - My current organization (which is a large tech company) is almost entirely dependent on public cloud solutions for data storage and management. We collaborate exclusively through Microsoft Office's cloud based Office 365 offering where all of our documents live in Microsoft's cloud and colleagues can easily collaborate with one another. There is no need for my company to maintain its own compute or data infrastructure, because this is taken care of by the cloud providers, and the user experience for employees is very smooth and easy to use.

On the other hand, my previous organization (which is a consulting firm that worked very closely with legal firms) did not depend on any public cloud solutions for any of their data storage or management. Because of the strict confidentiality requirements required by the clients of law firms (due to the sensitive nature of data we handled), we stored all of our data in-house. Thus, we were able to maintain security, but this came at the cost of user experience, reliability, and scalability. We were dependent on our own small IT team to maintain our infrastructure, and we sometimes experienced down-time when our infrastructure would be down. This probably would not have been the case if we used a large public cloud provider like Microsoft. 

We must understand that there are trade-offs in either choice and each organization must choose the solution that best fits their needs. "Cloud servers for small and medium businesses offer advantages over in house servers but also some drawbacks." (__The Pros and Cons of Cloud vs in House Servers__, 2018) My experiences above show some of these advantages and drawbacks.


**References**

__The Pros and Cons of Cloud vs in house servers__. (2018, August 6). Arrow Voice & Data. https://arrowvoice.com.au/blog/cloud-vs-inhouse-servers/

		 - Prompt
			 - There continues to be an enormous migration to the cloud for data storage and access. Evaluate your current or past organization and how they store and access data. How are cloud resources possibly used? For example, do they use cloud systems for data storage within Amazon Web Services or Microsoft Azure, or possibly through collaboration tools like Microsoft Teams or Sharepoint through O365?

	 - Assignment
		 - Response
			 - Introduction
				 - In this assignment, we will deal with the hypothetical design of a company (Acme Inc.) that wishes to create a database for its transactional data. Acme is a retail of electronics and they have both physical stores as well as online stores. They wish to create a database to store transactional data from their physical stores as well as their online stores. They would like to further use this database to better understand their customers and to analyze trends that they observe in their customer data. They would like to answer questions such as "which products are most popular among younger customers?", "which customers or customer segments prefer shopping online vs in-store?", "how do I improve sales online?", etc.

			 - Logical design
				 - Logical design overview
					 - In this case we will use a SQL database, since it is the simplest database system that is capable of fulfilling Acme's data needs. We will use a simple star schema as shown in Oracle's documentation (see figure 1 below) to capture the required data. The fact table will capture transactional data about what transactions took place (these are the facts of our database), while the dimension tables will give us more information about the products, about the customer, about the time, and about the channel of the transaction. Figure 2 below contains a detailed description of the tables, the columns they contain, their datatypes and the keys.

				 - Logical design details: schema and tables

				 - Data definition language
					 - Since we are using a SQL database, we get Data Definition Language (DDL) commands right out of the box. As noted in Oracle's documentation, "DDL statements are supported by PL/SQL with the use of the DBMS_SQL package." (“Types of SQL Statements,” 2020) DDL statements are needed for us to first set up and create the tables necessary. The main DDL statements we need for our case are the "CREATE TABLE" statements which will create the tables described in Figure 2.

				 - Data dictionary
					 - A data dictionary is "a set of database tables used to store information about a database’s definition.  The dictionary contains information about database objects such as tables, indexes, columns, datatypes, and views." (“What is a Data Dictionary?,” 2020) Once the data tables have been created using the DDL statements as described in the above section, the data dictionary will store all the required metadata about the tables. This includes information about what data column each table contains, what each of their data types is, etc. These are described in detail in figure 2.

				 - Data manipulation language
					 - "Data manipulation language (DML) statements access and manipulate data in existing tables." (Oracle, 2020).  Once again, since we are using a SQL database, we get DML statements right out of the box. In the case of our table, we will primarily use DML statements to enter transactions into our transactions table. The primary DML statements we need will be "INSERT" statements which will be needed to insert transactional data into our sales table, and then we will use "SELECT" statements to query the tables for further analysis, to fulfill the analytical needs of Acme, Inc.

			 - Logical design vs. physical design
				 - This assignment is primarily concerned with the logical design of the database, and not with the physical design. As noted in Oracle's documentation, "The logical design is more conceptual and abstract than the physical design. In the __logical__** **__design__**,** you look at the logical relationships among the objects. In the __physical__** **__design__, you look at the most effective way of storing and retrieving the objects." (“Overview of Logical Design,” 2020)

				 - Therefore, this assignment clearly describes the logical relationships between the objects and tables needed by Acme, but the physical design is beyond the scope of this assignment. Here we would have to look into decisions around the tradeoffs between cloud infrastructure and on-premise infrastructure, and exactly how it would be implemented.

			 - References
				 - Overview of Logical Design. (2020). Retrieved from https://docs.oracle.com/cd/A87860_01/doc/server.817/a76994/logical.htm
					 - (“Overview of Logical Design,” 2020)

				 - Types of SQL Statements. (2020). Retrieved from https://docs.oracle.com/cd/B14117_01/server.101/b10759/statements_1001.htm#i2099120
					 - (“Types of SQL Statements,” 2020)

				 - What is a Data Dictionary? (2020). Retrieved from https://www.essentialsql.com/what-is-a-data-dictionary/
					 - (“What is a Data Dictionary?,” 2020)

				 - Oracle. (2020). About DML Statements and Transactions. Retrieved from https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/12.2/tdddg/dml-and-transactions.html
					 - (Oracle, 2020)

		 - Prompt
			 - A database management system is comprised of three components: a data definition language, data dictionary, and data manipulation language.

			 - A logical design helps to analyze and understand the data from a business perspective, while physical design shows how the database is arranged on direct access storage devices.

			 - Prepare a logical design for a process used by your organization. You may select something that you work with directly, or a hypothetical process. Your logical designshould cover the three aspects of the database management system. Compare and contrast this with the physical design of the process and describe how the logical design and physical design affect one anther.

			 - You logical design process should be at least 4 pages in length and address all of the required components. Use visual elements when appropriate.  Apa format should be used, including any citations.

			 - Due: Sunday at midnight, CT

			 - Points: 75

	 - CPT Form
		 - Topic: 
			 - Database Management and Telecommunications

		 - Sub-topics: 
			 - What are the problems of managing data resources in a traditional file environment and how are they solved by a database management system? What are the major capabilities of database management systems (DBMS) and why is a relational DBMS so powerful? What are some important principles of database design? What are the principal tools and technologies for accessing information from databases to improve business performance and decision making? Why are information policy, data administration, and data quality assurance essential for managing the firm’s data resources?What are the principal components of telecommunications networks and key networking technologies? What are the different types of networks? How do the Internet and Internet technology work, and how do they support communication and e-business? What are the principal technologies and standards for wireless networking, communication, and Internet access? Why are radio frequency identification (RFID) and wireless sensor networks valuable for business?

		 - Relevance
			 - As a product manager for Adobe Experience Platform, database management is one of my most important responsibilities. Adobe Experience Platform is at its heart a Customer Data Platform (CDP) and a Data Management Platform (DMP). Therefore as a product manager for Adobe Experience Platform, I must be knowledgeable about the state of the art and best practices in Database Management so that I can apply them to my product. The coursework sections on database design (including the assignment on database design) was particularly useful, because it is part of my job responsibility to make sure that the database design of Adobe Experience Platform is able to balance the twin requirements of cost optimization and user experience.

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - DONE Next week away from Therapy

	 - Ideally a marriage partner should bring out the best part of you and make you improve.

	 - Conflict between high standards vs rebelling: I have some issues noticing what's going on with me. I always have a smooth story.
