- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Had an agitated morning this morning. Woke up at about 7:30. Then I had the expectation that we would leave fairly soon, but then Rukma took a long time to pack stuff, due to a misunderstanding, which got me upset. Why? Before that let's get into the second thing that got me upset. Rukma unwrapped the neatly packaged bread from the green packing wrap, and then she wound the packing wrap together like a thread and wound that around the bread. It would be like if I took a sock, and insted of putting my foot inside the sock, just wrapped it around my ankle and tied a knot.

		 - OK. Let's analyze both of these incidents and see why they got me upset. Start with the latter. That's actually a more classic example of me getting upset by OCD stuff. What were the issues going on there? One was that I had packed this thing neatly and I didn't like seeing it get messy. Then the second was that there is a proper way to use the wrap and I didn't like seeing it used improperly. But why should it get me so upset to see it used improperly? Would I get so upset if I just saw someone on TV do this or use it improperly? I would just laugh I think. But it's happening to my stuff and it's my wife that's doing it, which is what is getting me upset. But why? What's the worst that can happen? Some breadcrumbs might spill out, or the bread may get crushed. So what? Is that really such a big deal? Clearly, my reaction has nothing to do with the consequences of the action. It's quite separate from the consequences. It's about the act in and of itself. I just believe that this isn't the way in which something should be done. These are just features of my OCD.

		 - DONE Jurgen - ways in which my OCD impacts Rukma; how to work on that? #[[Personal-Goals]]

		 - DONE Jurgen - make a list of issues for the new year #[[Personal-Goals]]

		 - I have some level of OCD. This is something that I'm working with my individual therapist on. But this mild OCD is impacting my relationship with Rukma in that it manifests as me being very controlling. In this instance, the letting do didn't help this morning did it... I just got upset with the result. But this is just the intermediate result, maybe I should look more to the long term result? The giving of the gift to Pooja and Moni. That shouldn't be impacted. Oh well. What else? My OCD is a problem to work on.

		 - What are all the issues I'm working on with Jurgen?
			 - OCD

			 - Lack of emotional expressivity

			 - Lack of passion in life and work

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal
