- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Today is day 3 of our "adventure" together. Day 3 of our road trip! On day 1 we drove to Oregon and visited Tillamook State Forest. On day 2 we drove from Oregon to Shasta national park in Northern California. Now, on day 3 we're staying put in Shasta national park and we're going on a couple of nice trails / hikes. 

		 - This has been a really amazing vacation for me so far. The only downside or the only slightly bad thing that happened is that I broke my phone by taking it out in the rain. And even that, what's the negative effect of that? Not so much I think. One is obviously a monetary cost. It's a few hundred dollars. The depreciated value of the phone plus the utility I would have got out of it for one more year. That I can easily absorb. Then there's the missed whatsapp messages, which it turns out is not such a big deal, because the undelivered messages will later get delivered anyway, so I needn't worry too much about anything. It's all good. I'll ask Pooja if she has any discounts left that I can use, otherwise I'll just buy a new phone.

		 - What else? Oh, it's been amazing to spend time with Rukma. She's really grown and changed so much since before the time she knew me. Her coming on these hikes with me in the insane weather of Tillamook and Shasta in the height of winter is something that she wouldn't even have imagined herself doing a year or so ago, or before she met me. I love her so much! :) I need to stop being so controlling in my interactions with her. Need to give her the freedom to do whatever she wants. This was the same problem I had with Rohini as well. I feel the need to control every single thing. With her, obviously she didn't do a great job of communicating this to me until the very end, and Rukma does quite a good job of communicating this with me, but still, I need to relax it. The pattern is always that she's telling me this, and then I say sorry, but then I keep engaging in the same behavior again. That needs to stop. How?

		 - What's the strategy for me becoming less controlling? I've always tried to deflect the blame by saying that the other person should assert themselves more and push back against my impulse to control things. But what can I do? Why do I need to depend on the other person to help me with this? It's not Rukma's job, and it's incredibly hard for it to be her job (as Piyush was pointing out). I need a way to pause, and take a step back, and realize that this thing is not important. It's like overcoming my own OCD. That's part of the issue. I'm trying to impose my OCD on another person, and it doesn't make any sense. So it's letting go of my own OCD, but also letting go to another person. Maybe giving her more trust will in fact help me with my own OCD, and it will help me realize that I don't need to control things so much for them to go well or for me to have an enjoyable experience. Yes, that's how it is. This trip has already been a great start for that. Rukma planned this entire trip - most of it at least. She picked the places we're staying. And she's mostly picking the trails we're going to and the route we're taking, and it's amazing so far! This is good practice then.

		 - Also, take a moment to enjoy the vacation itself! It's going so great. We're seeing some beautiful views and going on some beautiful hikes. I'm really looking forward to the hikes today. They will be really great. Enjoying so much of nature. 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal
