- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  5}}
		 - I'll do a very quick journal today - yes! Good morning! 

		 - Yesterday was a good day. I got to do some decent work, and then I got quite some logistical tasks also completed. That was good. Got my visa paperwork done, and the donations. Only boxes and packing is pending. MCIT looks like it's also wrapping up soon. So I should be able to dedicate almost one entire week to the packing process. Am sure it'll go well.

		 - What else should I be worried about? Why's that the default question? Worried about? Hmmm...

		 - Had a conversation with Rukma yesterday about her feeling like I don't trust her to do simple logistical tasks. This is to a certain extent true. I think the causes are two fold - one is internal within me (that I find it difficult to trust people in general to do things in the particular way that I want) and secondly it's also due to her and what I percieve as her low level of attention to detail, which for me is important in these logistical tasks. Perhaps both are things to be worked on by both of us. Yes, I do imagine this is also something that will come up in therapy or at least we should bring it up and discuss it.

		 - DONE Respond to Jeremy

		 - DONE Couples therapy agenda items - ask Rukma for more #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]
			 - N's lack of trust in R for logistics / attention to detail

			 - N's insistence on conversations and arguments following an exact logical structure

		 - Already made two agenda items for therapy! Maybe we can come up with more? This can go in our shared Roam! Yay!

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Working on CA deck

- Meeting with IDS [[Joel Huff]], [[Anil Malkani]], [[Keshav Vadrevu]]
	 - IDS team wants different merge policies, but that doesn't work with profile, so instead they need Data Prep capability

	 - Data prep use case
		 - Different datasets from Hadoop are updated at different times

	 - QS is releasing SQL Prep as part of June release for customers to use dashboards. Making it customer facing is getting a bit pushed out.
		 - Beta in February

	 - DONE Anil and I need to create a SQL Prep Jira on capabilities- Xabriel is working on this
		 - Requirements this feature was built to satisfy

		 - Capabilities planned

		 - Data engineer experience expected

		 - https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLATQ-3413

- Review CA with [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Anil Malkani]]
	 - DONE Doug follow up

	 - UI
		 - Data group

	 - CA Working session - Anil + Serge + Saurabh + PK

- [[Bi-Weekly | CJA/Query Closed Loop]] with [[Bret Gundersen]], [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - Bret's agenda 
		 - Would like to be informed about Expedia - QS use cases

		 - DONE Expedia complains about unhelpful error messages #[[QS-CJA]]

	 - SQL Prep / Identity Stitching
		 - Trevor and Bret have many concerns. 

		 - Why are we re-building a new stitching engine when CJA already does it?

		 - CJA's stitching already has COGS built into it. They cannot absorb COGS of a new service that we're building.

		 - CJA does not recommend doing aggregation outside CJA. CJA does aggregation within CJA. CJA is itself an aggregation tool. CJA does not generate event-level aggregations

	 - UI Feedback
		 - Data Prep is not the right place to surface this UI. Start with the use case.

		 - Current UI seems very prep focused. 

- DONE David Harding - Keyboard

- DONE Cancel zipcar

- Call with Meera
	 - Dashboards

- UIS call with [[Brian Pong]] and [[Matt Freestone]]
	 - Identity Settings UI - three things
		 - Identity Algorithm

		 - Shared identity namespace - this id can bounce around and belong to multiple people (like the persistent ID)

		 - Cross device namespace - like transient ID

- QS-UPS use case meeting with [[Kevin Foster]], [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - LASA

	 - Best Buy - 

	 - Home Depot - Stitching

- Error message 
