- [[Daily journal]] {{[[POMO]]}}
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]]
		 - I woke up really early today. I mean, rather, my sleep was interrupted today. I got up at around 3:30am. That's about 5 hours of sleep that I got. I wonder why this happens to me sometimes and what I should do about it? I guess the policy could be something like try for the first half hour at least to go back to sleep, and if not possible, then at least until 6am (or somewhere very close to the wake up time), read in bed, kindle only. This feels like a good policy, and I think it will help me. I just need to be clear that this is now the policy and I need to hold myself accountable to it. OK. That's that. What did I actually do today? I spent a bunch of time reading the iPad in bed - spent a lot of time reading about meditaiton / TMI, then I got up and worked on some problems in CIT593, then I went for my run.

		 - Meditation. I think for now my focus is to maintain consistency. 6 days a week is my goal right now. What about background practice and micro-hits? I should really do the microhits. In between switching from one task to another. Before I sit down for a new task, just breathe for a minute. Anyway, about the goals, I feel like I should just let it go for a while and observe. Part of my frustration in the past has always been due to the fact that I held on to goals too hard. Just let it be. Observe what's happening. Set an intention and observe. That's it. For this year, there should be no goals beyond that. 

		 - My docker guide. I want to create a guide on how to set up a development environment for CIT 593 using Docker remote containers for VS-Code. I think it would be a cool way to start making some videos / guides and see if it would be helpful for other people. What all would I talk about? First of all, why might you want to do this? Because working in Codio sucks. You want to experience the power of a full featured text editor or IDE. Is that the only reason? Why else might you want to do this? As a learning experience. Because the industry is moving towards containerization. Maybe not for development, but especially for building. You don't want to run into issues of "but it works on my machine, why doesn't it work on your machine?" Docker guarantees that you will never run into those issues. And I haven't even touched upon Kubernetes, which is beyond the scope of this article / video and beyond the scope of my understanding. Anyway, if you want to do this, then here's a guide on how to set up a development environment for yourself. What all should it include? 
			 - Setting up VS Code with Docker Remote containers

			 - Running your assignment in this environment

			 - Creating your own docker image

			 - Debugging in VS Code with GDB

		 - I think that's it. What other topics would I want to cover in this series? What else would people want to know? I think those are the main things. I should really watch some videos to help me learn more about GCC, GDB, C compilers, etc. I should spend some time reading the C textbook. That would be a good idea. How do I make time for this? I just have to do it. Intentionally make time set aside just for textbook reading. That's the only way it'll happen. I think the textbook also goes through some useful code examples, so that'll be great. Why do I want to learn C programming? Beyond the scope of this course, I mean? Well, I talked about this with Rukma, and I think the answer is because it's fun. I'm having fun with this right now, and I should just roll with it. I'm really having a good time figuring out things like how to set up the docker environment, making the c programs for the assignment, etc. Maybe I could collaborate with Santosh on the final project? Do I want a collaborator? Maybe. I want to get ahead of this stuff and watch the future lectures and read ahead a little bit. Yes, that might be a good idea. Rather than getting lost putzing around with VS Code? But I'm having fun aren't I? Leave it be at that I guess!

		 - DONE Ask [[Santosh Nazare]] about collaborating on assignment / project. 

		 - DONE Rebuild 593 dockerfile [[July 25th, 2020]]

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - 4:30pm: bit of leftover salad

		 - 6pm: dinner: salad + protein and beans + dessert ice cream bar

		 - 8:30pm: extra dessert: bowl of cereal

	 - [[Anything else?]]

- Embedding Cohort Analysis ML Recipe in Experience Insights Dashboard, Meeting with [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Saptho Nair]]
	 - Research team intro
		 - Shiv and Gaurav worked with Adobe.com [[QS-DDOM]] team on a tool that can be used to ask questions and what-if analysis. Gaurav has primary defense coming up next week.

	 - Context from Meera
		 - Pari was working on "Customer Performance Dashboard" a.k.a. DDOM on AEP. Out of the box dashboards for profile, segment, etc. Some included in CDP SKU, some are add-on for Insights SKU.

		 - Goal is to figure out how to marry data science insights with dashboards.

	 - Demo
		 - Knobs to control input variables (e.g. toggle conversion rate up or down) and see the changes in forecast.

		 - Claims that traditional marketing tools (e.g. Adobe Analytics) do not take hidden variables into account and rely on simple correlation.

	 - Use cases
		 - Key drivers identification

		 - Forecasting of a metric

		 - Explanation of why metrics behave in a certain way

	 - Next steps
		 - Primary defense support - Saurabh to share some slides on use cases from the field and competetive analysis

		 - POC - team to share wiki / deck.

- Google introduces [[BigQuery]] Omni, enabling customers to use BigQuery on data residing in any public cloud
	 - Summary: Until now, your data had to be stored in Google Cloud in order to use BigQuery. But now, with the introduction of BigQuery Omni in July 2020, Google has decoupled compute and storage so that **customers can use BigQuery on data that resides in any public cloud** (AWS, Azure, etc.).

	 - Key quote: "While competitors will require you to move or copy your data from one public cloud to another, where you might incur egress costs, this is not the case with BigQuery Omni. The same BigQuery interface on Google Cloud will let you query the data that you have stored in Google Cloud, AWS and Azure without any cross-cloud movement or copies of data. BigQuery Omni’s query engine runs the necessary compute on clusters in the same region where your data resides. For example, you can use BigQuery Omni to query Google Analytics 360 Ads data that’s stored in Google Cloud, and also query logs data from your e-commerce platform and applications that are stored in AWS S3. Then, using Looker, you can build a dashboard that allows you to visualize your audience behavior and purchases alongside your advertising spend. "

	 - Source: [Bringing multi-cloud analytics to your data with BigQuery Omni](https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/data-analytics/introducing-bigquery-omni)

- [Bringing multi-cloud analytics to your data with BigQuery Omni](https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/data-analytics/introducing-bigquery-omni): According to Google's recent announcement, BigQuery Omni allows users to query data stored not just on Google Cloud, but on any public cloud. Does this mean that AEP customers can use BigQuery Omni to query their AEP data?

- AEP Insights deck
	 - Worked for 2 hrs on [[AEP Insights]] deck. Made good progress. Even if Meera rejects some of my inputs, it was useful as a roadmap and for future collateral.

- DONE Google keep
	 - Melatonin 

	 - Old AW Siri not working. 

	 - https://reddit.com/r/TheMindIlluminated/comments/hfk2g7/i_made_a_game_to_demonstrate_how_attention_and/

- DONE Ottawa gmail password reset and APA email

- [[Freewrite]] on [[MBA Admissions]]
	 - What does it take to get into a top MBA program? {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - One way of looking at what it takes is to look at the requirements. Let's start there. 
			 - The requirements
				 - GMAT
					 - What's it for? This provides evidence of your general intelligence as well as your quantitative and verbal reasoning skills. Both are highly important (or at least highly sought after) in most post-MBA careers. 

					 - Is your GMAT good enough? Unfortunately there's no striaght-forward answer to this question. To know whether your GMAT is "good enough" for the school you're applying to, you need to determine whether you're in the interquartile range (25th percentile to 75th percentile) of GMAT scores for that school.

					 - There's a lot more nuance to this (which I'll cover in more detail in a later section or in a later article) and strengths in one area can compensate for weaknesses in another area, but as a general rule of thumb, this works.

					 - Obviously, by definition, 25% of any schools students made it even though they failed to meet my rule of thumb. So take it with a pinch of salt.   

					 - GMAT vs. GRE: These days

				 - GPA
					 - What it's for: Your GPA provides evidence of your work ethic. Do you have what it takes (the grit / sticktuitiveness) to complete your pursuits and do them well? If you are unable to get good grades in college, this could be an indicator that you will be unable to do well on your assignments when you enter the workforce. This is a red flag. Moreover, it is also roughly indicative of your intelligence and your reasoning skills.

					 - Is it good enough? Just like the GMAT, look at the interquartile range and make an assessment. But one difference between GPA and GMAT is that GMAT scores are standardized, whereas GPAs are not standardized. Just know that a 3.8 GPA from the University of Chicago / Bachelor of Science in Mathematics is much more impressive than a 3.8 GPA from Michigan State University / Bachelor of Arts in Communication. Some schools carry more weight than others (usually schools that are prestigious and/or schools that have a reputation for academic rigor) and some majors carry more weight than others (usually majors that are quantitative and/or known to be academically rigorous). There's no rule for this, but this is a general rule of thumb.

				 - Resume
					 - The resume: Your resume provides evidence of your professional success till date. I will say that the resume is the single most important factor in your MBA application. But this isn't referring to the way you've written it or the specific words you chose (those are also important), I'm talking about the content. This is usually the first thing someone will look at when evaluating your profile and its what makes the first impression. Your resume presents a snapshot of your academic, professional, and extra currucular activities till date.

					 - What are they looking for? Prestigious roles. Impact and accomplishment. Leadership. Career progression.

					 - You might wonder, why would someone who already has a lot of accomplishemtns and career progression, and is already on a leadership track - why does someone like that need an MBA? This is perhaps the most interesting curiosum of MBA admissions. The people who are most likely to get admitted to a top MBA program are the people who have the least need for it. Your resume needs to convey that you are already a very succesfull and accomplished invidiual and that you are on a track towards future success (with or without an MBA).

				 - Essays and interviews
					 - What they're looking for? The essay provides your narrative of yourself. What are your most significant experiences till date? What are your plans for the future? What's your career vision - long term and short term? How do you hope to get there? 

					 - This is the part of the application over which you have the greatest degree of control. Use it wisely.

				 - Recommendations
					 - What's it for? Provides evidence of your interpersonal skills, and your ability to make a good impression on managers and leaders. A hugely important skill in the workplace. If you can't find two or three people whom you've worked with that are willing to sing your praises and go out to bat for you, you're not someone who is likely to get very far in the corporate world. Secondarily, the recommendation is also used to corroborate the picture that you are painting of yourself in your essays. Are you portraying yourself as a quant guru who can come up with a statistical model for each and every business problem? That better be corroborated by your recommenders. Are you portraying yourself as a relationship and networking expert who can sell anything to anyone? That better be corroborated by your recommenders. 

					 - Corroborating evidence of things that you've written in your essay and resume. 

					 - What do you need to be good enough? Recommenders need to be respectable firstly. It can't be your uncle. If you worked at a respectable company, then your manager by default will be considered respectable. For the average applicant, the manager should be one recommendation writer. Needs to communicate depth and breadth of knowledge about you and your work (e.g. I have worked with the candidate for 2 years, we had weekly 1 on 1 meetings, we had several meetings together during the week with customers and other business stakeholders, and I have reviewed his work product in great detail.)

					 - What else needs to be communicated? That you're awesome

			 - Grouping the requirements
				 - There's your story or narrative on the one hand, and there are your accomplishments on the other hand.

				 - GMAT and GRE are part of your accomplishments; not part of your story.

				 - Resume, essays, and recommendations will include both your story as well as your accomplishments.

			 - How you're rated
				 - One way to look at how you're rated is to think of it in terms of the GMAT section described above. Imagine that each of the dimensions they're looking for can be listed and rated. You will get a rating on each dimension, and then it's about making sure that your rating is in line with the school's history, current level, and it's aspirations. Each school might have a tilt in one direction or the other (some schools may weight quantiative skills more heavily, while some schools may weight interpersonal skills more heavily). ALL schools will rate leadership skills very heavily, because that is the main thing that you are trying to prove - i.e. that you will be a good leader.

		 - Second view: qualities. If we go through the above section and aggregate everything listed in the "what it's for" of each requirement, we can come up with a list of qualities.
			 - Leadership skills

			 - Quantitative and verbal reasoning skills

			 - General intelligence

			 - Work ethic

			 - Interpersonal skills

	 - MBA admissions stakeholders
		 - 

- DONE VS-Code improve Json formatter

- [[C Programming]] custom formatting
	 - Customize formatting: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45823734/visual-studio-code-formatting-for

- Makefile question
	 - Assignment 10 asks us to do this:
		 - program5: program5.o program5_swap.o 

		 - clang program5_swap.c program5.o -o program5

	 - Can't we just simplify this rule as
		 - program5: program5.c program5_swap.c

		 - clang program5_swap.c program5.c -o program5

	 - What's the difference between linking .c files vs. linking .o files? Also, where can I learn more about the compilation flow and what is a .o object vs. .out object vs. executable? Thanks!
