- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - What's on my mind? I think this week is off to a great start, and overall things are going very well. Things with my course are good. I'm already quite far ahead! Things with work are great! I mean, I need to discuss promotion and stuff, but basic stability is intact. And I'm getting a decent amount of praise from my team. Things are going well. On the personal stuff? Well, we're figuring out our marriage and stuff, and that's all going very well so far, so really I don't have much to worry about.

		 - I had such an amazing weekend this past weekend. I spent all day Friday working, but then we cozied up and watched a movie in the evening. Saturday was a bit of an off-day because I fell a little bit sick. But even that was nice. Rukma got some amount of work done, and she took very good care of me. Then Sunday was a really amazing day. We went for a nice hike in the morning to the Bridle Trails State Park in Kirkland. We went on the Coyote trail which took us on a loop all the way around the park. It was beautiful. It's like a dense forest right in the middle of the city. We could see dense woods all the way inside, but just on the other side of the fence there was normal civilization - roads, stables, houses, etc. This is like what we see in the Twin Peaks universe. 

		 - The hike reminded me, and both of us, that we want to re-engage with nature, and maybe work towards recovering a more authentic relationship to time and the world. We should expand our world beyond the mundane internet world that we've created for ourselves. This is a thing we should pursue in general. One way is to re-read digital minimalism. We'll also watch the social dilemma this week hopefully. That should give us a good prompt to take things forward. How do I envision this working out for me in future? Taking a day every week off. Taking more time off of tasks and worries. Just being immersed in something else.

		 - DONE R&N goals: Find indoor and outdoor activities to do together. Get some board games / video games. #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

		 - DONE Watch social dilemma (maybe with Rohini) #[[Projects]]-Read-later #Projects

		 - DONE Re-read digital minimalism

		 - Alright, this feels quite good. What else do I want to talk about? Therapy with Jurgen. How's that going? I feel like it's good to talk to him, but it doesn't really seem to go anywhere. There's no sense of a problem to be solved and some method of solving the problem. It's up to me to drive the agenda totally.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- GTD
	 - DONE Modera concession form

	 - TR slides #QS-Demo #Projects

	 - DONE Save the date / website #[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil #Projects #2020-W49

	 - DONE Print discover pass #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Printing #Projects

	 - DONE Remove bedroom window seal

	 - DONE AC return #[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil #Projects

	 - DONE Apple watch pay

	 - DONE Scale batterie

	 - DONE  Is it beneficial to do keto only on weekdays? #[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc #Projects

	 - DONE Get car parking pass Modera

	 - DONE  Car rental timings fix

	 - DONE  The Socrates express audiobook #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

	 - DONE  Transcendental ist books Emerson #[[Projects]]-Read-later #Projects

	 - DONE  Hyatt reservation

	 - DONE  Hair conditioner

	 - DONE  Hair brush cleaning schedule

	 - DONE GYENNO SPOON for Ram Mummy https://www.gyenno.com/spoon-en

	 - VS Code Java error
		 - Run all tests gives error

	 - DONE Jay / Lou message
		 - Hey guys — Just wanted to give you a heads up about potential Covid risks. My parents are flying in from India and Rukma has family flying in from California. It will be a small event (< 15 guests total) and mostly outdoors (courthouse is outdoors, and our rooftop has both indoor and outdoor seating). Some options: (1) You could stay for the whole thing, (2) You could stay for the outdoor courthouse ceremony and have a piece of cake at the outdoor rooftop, or (3) You could skip entirely. We'd obviously love to have have you there, but please only do whatever you're comfortable with.  

- Call with [[Narasimha Narahari]]
	 - Wants to connect me with his friend from Hyderabad who wants to move here; looking for a job / consulting

	 - NN is former researcher at [[Babson]] college, then moved to [[UC Merced]]

	 - NN has a friend Rajnesh who made a movie called Kavita. Rajnesh was a former engineer who transitioned to being an artist. Made the movie. Working on an literary project on Indian mythology. 

- 911 Driving School / Washington DMV
	 - Get DWL number, then sign up for a test.

	 - Three versions of the test - all come from the State.

	 - Study; Drivers guide - DMV website

	 - After knowledge test, make appointment to get a photo ID. Redmond is currently closed. Renton / Everett may be open. Not sure if available.

- Meeting with [[Akin Ajayi]]
	 - Created a custom SKU for CJA customers who want some QS + DSW capabilities (because AEP Intelligence price is too high)

	 - Akin continues to air frustrations about working with [[Meera Srinivasan]] and how she wants to control the messaging

- Meeting with [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - DONE Ask about Frederik - is it CJA or AEP Intelligence? 

	 - Frederik is a big influencer in the Analytics industry

	 - Demo feedback
		 - + Functionality is highlighted; lots of details.

		 - - Not enough focus on business value and value proposition

	 - DONE QS Demo for CJA  #QS-Demo #[[Projects]]-QS-Collateral #Projects
		 - Provide examples that you CAN'T do in AW/P. Examples
			 - Statistical 

			 - Debugging (Trevor has an example with cookie ID)

			 - CTAS (e.g. customer gets propensity stores), and then bring it back to CJA.

		 - DONE Get CJA demo deck from Trevor

- Shreya message
	 - No problem, Shreya. Let's try communicating by email instead. I've written down my question below so you (or the manager) can reply by email.

	 - Background: When we spoke to Paul and Leslie the day after the police shooting incident, they told us that due to this incident: (1) we would be reimbursed for a few days of hotel stay, and (2) we would be able to end our lease without incurring any termination fees. 

	 - Current situation: We are unable to move out right now (because we are getting married at the end of October and we are busy coordinating with guests who have already made plans to visit us here). However, due to the unpleasant events which took place, we still do intend to move out sometime in the next month or two. 

	 - Question: Can you please let us know what steps we need to take and how much notice you will need for the move-out process? Thanks!

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Discussed relationship with Rukma and my family.

	 - Next session: discuss my relationship with my parents and with Rohini.
