- [[Daily journal]]
	 - {{[[POMO]]}}

	 - [[What's on my mind today?]]
		 - What IS on my mind today? Had a good morning. Went for a good run. Completed 5km in 30 mins exactly. I switched the AW pace target to a rolling target, so it's literally like a horse carriage and whip, where I'm like the horse that's getting whipped every time I fall below the target pace. It's really useful. In the first half of the run, I naturally maintain the target pace (and am usually slightly ahead), but in the second half of the run I usually start falling behind the target pace, and I get whipped into shapre by the watch. It's a good system. I wonder when I'll be able to increase my pace? What's the target I'm setting? What's the long term target? I want to get to 5 min / km. But when? In one year? Is that too short? Maybe I should post on r/running and ask. Let's say the target is that in one year I want to drop 1 min. 50 weeks / 60 seconds. Every quarter I want to drop 15 seconds. That's a high bar. That means every 4 weeks (quarter milestone) I want to drop 5 seconds. Let me at least try that in the next 4 week period of this quarter and see how it goes. 

		 - DONE Post on r/running about pace target.

		 - I also switched to using my airpods pro instead of the beatsx. I think it's working fine. The only minor annoyance is that in the left ear it feels slightly like there's a little air gap preventing a good seal. But I'm not actually worried that it'll fall out. Moreover, compared to the previous option of the Beatsx, even those I had to keep adjusting and pushing inside. Only with those I was less worried because even if they fell out of my ears, they wouldn't fall ont he ground because of the cable behind my neck. I think for now I can continue using the Airpods pro, and then at some later time, I can consider upgrading to the new version of Beatsx, I think it's called powerbeats. For now, the airpods pro are good. One issue is with bwf when I try to do upside down exercises, there it's likely to fall out. But there anything will fall out - even the beatsx, so I think it's fine. I can keep low-key looking online to see if there are better foam tips with a better fit. Yes, I'll keep doing that. Maybe over time, more things will get released - more accessories I mean. — the em dash is now super easy to get! I love these alfred extensions. I should add more. Hmm... I just realized there's a conflict between "email" and "em" because they both have the same starting letters; meaybe I need to come up with a concept of namespace or something like that? Let's see.

		 - Key expansions
			 - email address; 

			 - mail address

		 - People keep asking me about how to break into product management. Like Juliana for example. I really don't have a good answer to this question. I just got lucky. I got hired in a university recruiting program, where the expectation is that you're a newbie. And I actually come for free. My cost doesn't even hit my manager's cost center budget, so it was really easy. But if you're trying to break in from the outside, I have no idea how to do this. Maybe I should have a small blog on product management where I try to explain this. This is one blog post that I should write. What are the resources for learning about product management? Marty cagan is definitely on the list. SVPG the one about what skills you need. Maybe I can share that on LinkedIn and see if there are other responses? Skills needed by a PM is a good topic.

		 - DONE Blog topic: skills needed by a PM

		 - DONE Freewrite topic: Product management resrources for learning

		 - OK. Do I want to keep freewriting? Well, why not? I can do it for a bit. Why does Outlook on Safari behave so badly? It hardly ever loads, god knows why, or it has a lot of starting trouble, and I need to keep refreshing the page for some reason.

		 - Looks like by BlueJeans problem was completely fixed by changing the router bck to the Frontier router? What did I learn from this? That routers are important, and can't be treated as a commodity. OK. So if it's something like don't buy a cheap router, that doesn't work, because Kumar had a fancy Google nest router that still didn't work with BJ. Maybe the general knowledge that changing one's router can be a good troubleshooting step is a good learning.

		 - DONE Slack post about router / BJ

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - Make clear task list for work projects

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		 - Did not make a clear task list for work projects

		 - Did make progress on MCIT, but the task list for work projects needs to happen.

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - 6pm: salad + meat + beans + apple + yogurt

		 - Nothing else!

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- EDW- Data Workbench UCs/Key Features Discussion-2 meeting with [[Althaf Kandi]]'s team
	 - About DWB: Adobe Analytics had a tool called Data Workbench ([[DWB]]) a.k.a. Adobe Analytics Premium, which is used for unifying data across different sources including web data from AA and other offline sources. DWB used to ingest and stitch data, and do complex analysis like visualization, etc. Features include Multi-channel attribution, etc. Potential for DWB use cases to migrate to AEP.

	 - Demo by Deepti on use cases.
		 - Find a common key (tracking ID) to stitch data sources.

	 - Saurabh conclusion
		 - DWB is a mesh of features from across AEP: including data prep, profile stitching, etc.

		 - DWB is like CDP +  CJA + AEP Insights lite. 

	 - Next steps
		 - Develop a checklist of DWB capabilities / use cases and map them on to AEP capabilities. 

	 - Why do AA customers migrate to CJA?
		 - Because Adobe is sunsetting AA, and CJA is the future.

	 - Why will DWB customers 

- Query Service Local Backlog Review with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]] and [[Anil Malkani]]

- DONE Find stylus compatible with iPhone and iPad for making sketches #Projects

- T-mobile add Rukma
	 - Currently have 8 lines; total of 12 possible.

	 - Process
		 - RS has to call customer care to release her line

		 - Then JV (primary account holder) has to call in to add her line 

- [[Freewrite]] on [[Product Management]]: How to break into product management?
	 - {{[[POMO]]}}

	 - People often ask me how to learn more about product management. Usually these are people who are looking to break into product management. That is, people who want to get a job with a title of "Product Manager". Why would someone want to do this? Well, usually they have a certain idea in their head of what a PM does and what that title means, and they find that appealing. Probably the find it appealing across some of the following dimensions: money (they think PMs make good money), career progression (they think PM is a good path for career progression), impact (they think PMs have a lot of impact), prestige (they'll think PM is a prestigious role), interesting work (they think the nature of PM work is very interesting). Those are the main ones that I can think of — and perhaps I've inadvertently revealed my own priorities in evaluating a job — I'm sure there are some other reasons people have, but these are probably the main ones.

	 - How did I break into Product Management? I used to find it quite annoying to have to talk to people about "breaking into" product management, because it's not a topic that I have much experience with. How did I end up with this role? I just happened to be in the right place at the right time, and I got lucky. Several factors enabled me to get a job as a PM:
		 - Top MBA: I was graduating from a prestigious MBA program, which is usually a sought after thing by large companies not only for Product Managers, but also for middle management in general.

		 - University recruiting @ Adobe: Adobe has a fantastic university recruiting program. This is common to several large tech firms. They are specifically looking to invest in talent. The goal of University Recruiting is not to find the best fit for a particular role. For example, I was hired for the role of "Product Manager, Adobe Experience Platform - Data Science Workspace." That is, I was hired to manage a product called DSW which is part of a larger product called AEP. I can tell you straight away that I was not the best fit for this role. If I were the hiring manager, I would hire someone who has experience building a data science platform at company like Uber or Netflix. I wasn't even close to the ideal candidate for this role. So why was I hired? This is where Adobe's University Recruiting program comes in. Their goal is not the same as the goal of the business unit leader or the hiring manager. Their goal is to find talent that can grow with the company. They're thinking, 10 years down the road, who can be a future leader at Adobe? The question is not, "is Nikhil the ideal candidate for this role?", rather the question is "is Nikhil the kind of person who may eventually grow into this role and into even larger roles at Adobe in future"? To accomplish this, they have a separate budget altogether, and the Hiring Manager is incentivized to hire me because my salary and benfits don't come out of the Hiring Manager's cost center. They're basically getting a "free" resource. 

		 - Generally impressive credentials: Beyond that, I had credentials that were considered "generally impressive" in that I attended prestigious universities and worked for prestigious employers. Although this has little to do with my ability to be a good product manager, it obviously helps.

	 - Of the above, the key factors were me getting an MBA and Adobe having an MBA recruiting program - and the two coinciding at the same time.

	 - Anyway, I've since learned not to be annoyed by such questions. As a Product Manager at Adobe, I am a representative of what it means to be a product manager, what it means to be an Adobe employee, and what it means to be a PM at Adobe. Just like for example as an alumnus of UChicago I am a representative of what that means. We all have unusual paths and unique paths that lead us to where we are, but that's OK. Each one of us IS a representative of wherever we are.

	 - Yes, I'm all for statistics. I'm happy to share my story (which, in statistical parlance, is an anecdote), but it's then the listener's responsibility to tie this in with other things they know about PM, other anecdotes they may have, and come up with a statistical picture. For example, if I really want to learn about PM, I'll try talking to 10 PMs in my network, I'll read several blogs, I'll join online communities of PMs, I'll read surveys of PMs, and I'll develop an understanding of how all this information fits together. Everyone should do this. If one story seems odd, so be it. Find out if there are other such stories, or just know that some stories are odd and some paths are odd.

	 - So, now coming back to the original question, what do you do if you want to break into PM? I'll be honest, and say that I don't know the answer to this question. I can begin by sharing my story of how this happened for me (and you can judge for yourself how much of this story may apply to you); then I can answer specific questions you may have about what I do and how I do it, and then I can of course speculate on what I think is the right way to break into PM, or how I might evaluate candidates if I became a PM hiring manager - but of course, these are just speculations not based in reality. I don't hire PMs, and I've never really helped anybody break into PM, so I don't know.

	 - One big thing is to learn. That's something that I didn't cover in this write, but will do in a future write. How to learn what a PM does?

- Meeting with [[Sunish Verma]] on SQL Data Prep Requirements: Custom Stitching and DSW
	 - About
		 - Joined Adobe 4 years ago as a multi-solution architect

		 - Then moved to AEP team; POCs, etc.; worked with several customers.

	 - AEP engagement team
		 - ACS
			 - Althaf and team does delivery; data architects, data engineers, etc.

			 - Architects are overall end-to-end architecture folks. Work with product and engineering.

			 - Program managers, etc. take care of business side.

	 - AEP engagements
		 - Started last year onboarding customers for free; then now we started paid engagements.

	 - QS
		 - QS is a lifesaver right now.

	 - Home Depot
		 - Bringing in lots of data from various Adobe and non-Adobe sources.

	 - Use cases for Query Service: CJA, CDP, DSW; 
		 - CJA
			 - Stitching: Data sets need a common ID. But not all customers have this. QS is being used for look-ups and stitching. Field-based stitching.

			 - Exploration and Validation of data: Fire queries to explore and validate data going into CJA. CJA doesn't offer data exploration capabilities. Maybe some data got lost while importing to CJA - and we need QS to understand and validate that.

			 - Sessionization and attribution (due to depracation of post-values): Using QS to do sessionization and attribution. Consultants write the queries. Lack 

		 - DSW
			 - Data prep for DSW: Making a feature dataset. E.g. they do this for Caesars.

			 - DONE Set up a session on data prep for DSW / send info to Sunish #QS-Batch #Projects

		 - CDP / Unified profile
			 - Identity service has limits on the number of identities that can be uploaded to identity graph. Use QS to do data prep for Unified profile. 

		 - Journey orchestration

		 - Can use streaming segmentation to find if user qualifies for a segment; but can we use Query Service? Because not everything is accessible through. Can we do this through QS?

	 - Problems and improvements
		 - Performance
			 - GCP queries return in less than 1 min for Home Depot, but several minutes for QS. At least needs to be level-set in terms of SLAs. How fast can I expect?

		 - Optimization
			 - How to optimize queries for speed? We fire a query and wait for 10 mins. How do they know that the query is optimized? Understanding how the data is structured behind the scenes. Dataset is partitioned in weird ways, and people don't understand that. No feedback to tell you whether the schema is incorrect or the mix-ins are incorrect. 
				 - Simple solution: best practices document

				 - Medium solution: debugger / recommender within UI

				 - Hard solution: UI to drag and drop that will create queries behind the scenes (like segment builder)

		 - Functions
			 - We need more functions. Sessionization, attribution. 

			 - PLATIR-8470 - Query Service functions feedback.

		 - Collaboration features
			 - Can you create query templates and save them with teammates. Can this be organized into projects.

	 - Agenda
		 - Intro

		 - Data prep use cases

		 - What's missing?

		 - Where can I learn more?

- Meeting with [[Andrew Chen]] on [[QS-CG]]
	 - Throttling / TTL
		 - Andrew is working on idle session time out 1-2 hours.

		 - Stop the spark cluster - this one we'll work on later; not in the near term.

	 - Grafana
		 - Batch REST API dashboard

		 - Config service dashboard

		 - Query Service Metrics Observability  - runtime, operational dashboard.
			 - Can be filtered by IMS org

			 - {DONE}} Ask [[Anil Malkani]] for Grafana cost dashboard #Projects #QS-CG

	 - Two sources of usage data: Grafana observability, internal QS history log (how much resources were used by each query) from CosmosDB
		 - {DONE}} CosmosDB - get access to database from Anil #Projects #QS-CG

		 - CosmosDB has some additional data not contained in Grafana such as CPU core time per query

	 - How to break down cost?
		 - {DONE}} Split interactive and batch - they are using different databricks workspaces within the same subscription (ask Paul Mackles if possible) #Projects #QS-CG #2020-W36 [[September 1st, 2020]]
			 - It's already possible to split cost by interactive and batch: Workspace Cost Centers > Workspace > Usage (Grafana)

		 - {DONE}} Query Service Batch (MCT) (PLAT-42845) - this is a misnomer, cannot be MCT. AC knows this because the other one shows; ping in AEP-compute slack channel to get it fixed #Projects #QS-CG #2020-W36 [[September 1st, 2020]]

		 - Then compute team (Paul, Dave) are planning to break down spend for shared subscriptions by IMS org.

	 - [[QS-Architecture]] 
		 - Int is only deployed on VA7, whereas Stage and Prod are across all regions.

		 - Int has 1 sub, two workspaces; MCT for interactive, and other for batch

		 - Stage has 1 sub, each region has two workspaces; one for MCT

		 - MCT = trusted, internal service; Both Batch and Interactive are trusted, but we try not to use MCT where possible (because MCT has lot of overhead)

	 - QS as infrastructure
		 - Other teams are using QS as infrastructure (like data prep, DSW), etc. but these get rolled into QS costs. 

		 - {DONE}} Break down QS costs by core usage vs. infrastructure usage #Projects #QS-CG #2020-W36

		 - We can account for service token usage, but we can't account for user token usage.

		 - Set up recurring meeting with Paul Midura #Projects #QS-CG

		 - We can break down usage already; interactive - how many sessions and how long? Breaking down interactive cost is easy; just break-down by IMS org and Client ID. 

		 - For batch we're looking at VM tagging approach.

		 - We need to focus more on reliability and resilience before making QS a core infrastructure component; we may see failures. QS is designed for human centric workflows, but once it starts getting into automated workflows with scheduling and you rely on the outputs, that could break the workflows.

	 - User Experience: Query performance, optimization and prioritization
		 - Performance: We can't really speed up queries; not on our radar. Also [[Dave McNamee]] said that performance wasn't much of an issue with initial customers. OK: If we can't speed up, at least give performance benchmarks and expectations.
			 - {DONE}} Ask Serge for QS benchmarking results (and intro meeting) #QS-General #Projects

			 - QS performance documentation #QS-General #Projects

		 - Optimization / recommendations: Xabriel is improving the "explain" command to include the plan. Gautam's wiki on Iceberg - both should go into documentation.

- [[QS-DDOM]] meeting with [[Meera Srinivasan]] and [[Sumesh Kumar]]
	 - Objective
		 - Just to showcase that Adobe.com can use AEP reporting for DDOM. Goal is NOT to build DDOM for customers.

	 - About
		 - Technical wiki maintained by IDS team: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/IDS/DDOM+on+AEP

		 - PM wiki to be shared by Sumesh: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/ecoplaces/AEP#8ff6630d-4d03-4262-8eb1-2dd998bf5692-1990435255

	 - Metrics by phases
		 - Green (phase 1) already in Adobe Analytics

		 - Blue (phase 2)

		 - Black (phase 3)

	 - Data sources
		 - Adobe Analytics

		 - Dunamis
			 - This data is harder to get directly from the source (why?), but we can pull this data from IDS.

	 - Highlights
		 - Pulling data from different sources, not just AA.

		 - Using UIS / profile service for stitching.

		 - Using Query Service.

	 - Current status / next steps
		 - CA / Executive Update for DDOM on AEP POC for Summit — joint presentation by Meera and Sumesh.

		 - Executive update better than CA to get executive pulse and get approval for resourcing.

		 - Develop plan / roadmap for full-scale migration of Adobe DDOM to AEP (not just for Summit)

		 - Repurpose CA deck into executive update deck: https://adobe-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/p/psawant/Eddwgn_THFJNiv5WFt3LlF8Bi7JvMyNcGfuhOlYuU77LdA?e=4%3Auov9Aw&at=9&CID=0bdea53f-1676-8da0-4eef-51ea28ccfb58

		 - Sumesh's deck "DDOM Migration to AEP" - recent update he shared to his leadership.

		 - Meera will ask Jim to prioritize this effort - whether we should spend resources on it or not.

- DONE Unable to disable autocorrect on Macbook
	 - Hi, I'm unable to disable autocorrect on my Macbook Pro. I've unchecked the "Correct Spelling Automatically" option both at the system level and for the Safari app, but autocorrect still continues to be active on Safari (and on other apps). Here are the steps I've taken so far:
		 - 1. Disabled autocorrect at the system level: System Preferences > Keyboard > Text > "Correct Spelling Automatically" (uncheck this option)

		 - 2. Disabled autocorrect for Safari: Edit > Spelling and Grammar > "Correct Spelling Automatically" (uncheck this option)

	 - Safari is just one example, but I have the same issue with Chrome and other apps. Any idea why this may be happening? Thanks in advance for any suggestions on this! :) 
