- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Good morning journal. This has been a fantastic week so far! Yesterday, I had my check-in with Saurabh and it went really well. Well, it started with me getting some good feedback from Shiv in the morning. He was really happy with our conversation because I showed enthusiasm for doing performance testing myself. Then Saurabh's check-in was also great. He's a really supportive manager, and he wants me to succeed. He thinks I'm doing a great job so far, but I just need to deliver something with high impact and high visibility to get me to the next level. What are some ideas for this? 

		 - DONE Promotion OKRs #[[Projects]]-QS-misc #Projects [[November 16th, 2020]]
			 - AEP Intelligence - GTM, Entitlements, and Provisioning
				 - Introduction of the new DSW-Foundation package for low cost and to align with GTM

				 - De-coupling of Ad-Hoc and Batch Query provisioning

			 - AEP Intelligence - COGS and Cost Governance
				 - DSW Cost Governance in 2020 - deleting DSW from accounts

				 - Cost and usage monitoring per IMS org for all AEP Intel capabilities

				 - Migrating customers to DSW-F

			 - AEP Intelligence - Data Prep
				 - Led planning and execution of end to end epic on data prep to enable Intelligent Services GA.

				 - Completed HoloClean functional evaluation and readout to Jim and Suresh

				 - SQL Data Prep

		 - OK. I'll give the above a shot. Let me see what Saurabh and Meera say about that. This way I can build on something that I've already done, and then do some new stuff. I'll tell Meera that we should let Anshuman focus on RTML stuff and I can do this. Will be good.

		 - What else is going on? Tomorrow is Diwali, and Rukma and I are starting a new tradition of celebration. This will be nice. We're going to have our own rituals of celebration and decorations. I think I should buy a small gold plate. This will be our first Diwali together as a family, and I think it will be great!

		 - DONE Buy gold coin / flake - look into resale value

		 - Will plan to run some errands tomorrow. Then plan to 

		 - DONE Rent car for Diwali and make plan for day

		 - Go to some can dealers tomorrow and explore. Plan for 30 mins per car. That means I can go to 2-3 dealers max. If I try 2 cars per dealer then I'm spending about an hour at each dealer's place. That's a good amount of time I think. What else do I have to say now? Not much. Can do some planning.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Working on {{embed  ((6bb0d087-c4ec-4ef3-9917-a67d36a8ded0))}}

- AEP Demo with [[Anshuman Nangia]], [[Mathieu Hannouz]]
	 - Plan they made with Intelligent Services - every month, we

- 1-1 with [[Anil Malkani]]
	 - Stitching
		 - Too early for Pre-CA cross-cutting initiatives

		 - Anil wants to wait on this for a while; generalize what IS / CJA is doing.
			 - Wait till we get the requirements

	 - Metering and cost estimation
		 - Include in Meera's weekly update; how many users

		 - Reconcile with COGS data from ET's team

		 - Try to map to Paul Mackles' metrics; we can maybe stop our own logging in QS and switch to Paul's method

		 - DONE Talk to Finance team on how to integrate QS cost into tableau report

	 - Agenda
		 - Stitched profiles - shiv

		 - Metering and cost estimation

		 - GTM and provisioning

- CA planning: "Operationalized Identity Graph Stitched Experience Events" with [[Anil Malkani]], [[Meera Srinivasan]]

- Feedback on [[Adobe Stock Interview]] with [[Marissa Mendoza]]
	 - My feedback
		 - + My career trajectory was on the right track, but they wanted someone who's further along in their career.

		 - Christene
			 - + Good communication

			 - + Understand ML modeling well

			 - - Lack of PM experience is clear from some answers; not enough experience to drive roadmap and vision

		 - Judy
			 - + Good colleague; good experience with cross-functional

			 - - Early career for this role; unable to prioritize competing asks for customer facing roadmap

		 - Stephanie
			 - + Great potential as CI manager; eager; ask great questions; seem interested in creative

			 - - Not right background; not familiar enough with content

		 - Shambhavi
			 - + I gave the best answers to the product exercises / PPT decks; others often bombed; I asked the perfect questions

			 - + Very structured communicator; arrived at a good solution; asked the right questions very quickly and came to the right insights

			 - - If there's conflict between experts, I didn't have the right insight.

		 - Next steps
			 - Not always considered a lateral move; can also be a promotion; in my case I'm just at the mark of mobility, so the promotion won't always be clear;

			 - Can even apply for a role that says PM, but it can be a promotion; can always uplevel a req. by 1 level

		 - Other
			 - I was identified as high-caliber / high-potential talent

			 - She wants to share my profile with the larger Digital Media talent team

	 - The finalists were both more seasoned / experienced than me
		 - Experienced ML engineer

		 - One very seasoned PM

	 - Theoretically may come back to me if the finalists decline

- Meeting with [[Jeff McKee]] 
	 - DONE Intelligent Services packaging - two flavors (get deck)
		 - Standalone version

		 - AEP version

	 - DONE How do we get charebacks? Ask Lovely Grover (Ankur Gupta); Lovely on leave; now Christene Chen owns AEP finance

	 - Chareback vs. showback
		 - Showback - just shows the attribution

		 - Chargeback - is more strict

		 - DONE There needs to be metering and tagging to attribute costs to the right service
