- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{[[POMO]]}}
		 - Had a hard time sleeping last night. Surprised I managed to wake up on time this morning. Not exactly on time, but not too late either. Anyway, I think I'm struggling with issues both at work and with family at the moment that are bogging me down.

		 - Work issues. I discussed this last night with Rukma, but I have a cluster of issues here. 
			 - Relationship with Anil and team. This is one of my main issues right now. We don't have a good relationship or a sync. I can hardly get time with Anil. He typically ignores meeting requests and doesn't respond. Moreover, I don't have visibility into the backlog and other scrum artifacts. I don't even know who the scrum master is, when sprint planning takes place, when backlog grooming takes place, etc. If I need to get something prioritized, I have no method of doing it. Also, Anil I feel doesn't really delegate things very well to his team, so others don't really have a knowledge of things that I need. This is really hard. What are some potential solutions to this problem? First off, I need a weekly time to sync with him. A weekly 1:1 is absolutely essential. That will be the starting point. Other things can flow from there. But what do I think is going on? And why is this happening? I think there's just a lack of trust between the Eng and PM teams here and I'm somehow just caught in the middle of it. Not much I did to cause this.
				 - DONE Set up 1:1s with Meera and Anil #[[Projects]]-Work-misc #Projects

			 - Expectations from Meera / Saurabh: I think the OKR list is not very manageable for me. I'm quite sure that I'm not going to succeed at everything on that list. Probably collateral and smaller things will get done, but a lot of the larger pieces are quite difficult. Even collateral is hard, I feel it's kind of a waste of time, but perhaps it is essential. Anyway, other things are challenging because I'm out of sync with eng. Even little things become quite difficult. Also, I just don't have time to work on so many things. The OKRs list needs to be cut down and prioritized, otherwise I won't make progress on it, and I won't feel good, I'll just burn out. This I'll need to figure out how to solve. But it's bogging me down quite some amount.

		 - Family issues. I think right now the main thing bothering me is the wedding related stuff and interacting with mom and dad on it. It's a very annoying process, and they are way too involved in it right now. I just wish I didn't have to push back so much and the default could just be what I wanted to do. But what's the other side of this? I guess they have their own point of view on this, probably it has to do with me just not doing stuff that they want me to do, but I guess my question is just why they would want me to do stuff in the first place? Or why they have preferences about how things should go. I feel that they always try to be so controlling of various aspects of my life and that maybe that's the reason I need to put up so many walls is to defend myself against that? Is that a plausible reading of the issue? Perhaps. But doesn't it cause problems for the relationship. Would I like to have a different relationship? Yes, I would honestly like to be closer if I felt that it didn't involve judgment or impositions or obligations. But maybe that's not a realistic view of relationships? I think it should come with obligations, but probably shouldn't come with issues of control. That's something that would / should ideally be avoided. Like in this case, they had preferences about the wedding date, about their own travel dates, about what needs to be worn, etc. etc. And I don't want to engage in this constant push-back on these issues, so my solution is usually to just minimize the number of areas that have any intersection at all, and to just keep things separate. But that's partly my tendency as well, which I described to Jurgen in terms of my difficulty in dealing with other people like colleagues and classmates for collaboration. Anyway, I need to have a view on how I / we want to deal with these issues in general. Well, perhaps not in general, but at least for the upcoming things. The wedding in particular. I guess we should define the things that matter to us and make sure that those are kept in tact.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - CJA Deck draft

		 - Bret meeting prep

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		 - Yes, did both the things!

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]
		 - 4pm: Cucumber salad (300g cucumber + 150g salsa)

		 - 5pm: Two slices of pepperoni. 75g leftover bean/bacon salad.

		 - 6pm: Dinner. 250g carnitas, 125g black beans, 100g salsa, 100g arugula

		 - Dessert: 120g apple + 100g yogurt + 100g yogurt

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- CJA Customer meeting: [[Home Depot]] with [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - Recording:

	 - Intro
		 - Satyha, Senior Manager, IT, Analytics

		 - Tina, Marketing Manager, Marketing Campaigns

		 - Sriram, Senior Analyst, Analytics, Search and recommendations; GCP / SQL expert

	 - AA use cases:
		 - Reporting and insights: Adobe UI is used for 

		 - Data science / web personalization: Websites are personalized based on Analytics; Data goes into GCP from AA; from there they move it to another GCP table; build 

		 - Audience creation: AA data is the source. Data feed is going into GCP and then to other areas.

	 - GCP pain points
		 - Availability / speed: Not real-time. Takes 2 hours. Data feed takes time. During holiday season, there's so much data that it is even slower.

		 - Big learning curve (Tina): Learning the querying takes time. Have to learn the data dictionary. Don't understand the channels. 

	 - GCP use cases
		 - Exporting. Hit level. and visit level. Matching what the UI is doing. They re-write the processing rules. ADFs.

		 - They have online data + offline data. System called New Row, which does the operational part.

	 - Two versions of clickstream: hit level and visit level. Other parts of the orgs are using the data without understanding how to do the processing.

	 - Feature: AW/P right click and get the query.

	 - Would you adopt Adobe QS?
		 - They worked closely with [[Dave McNamee]] on this

		 - Services organization, BI team and data scientists are not comfortable with using AA UI. They want to work with QS. They want to work with raw data.

		 - Some people don't want to learn a new tool; e.g. Tableau

	 - Adobe QS value prop
		 - Pain point: customers have to migrate to QS from CJA. They have a lot of merchandising eVars which don't play well with QS, because they expire at purchase level. Worked with [[Dave McNamee]] on this.

		 - Pain point: Need to change column names. E.g. eVar 118, you have to change the namespace. XDM names are different. They built their own logic, need to re-write the variable names.

		 - Pain point: UI is confusing. What "connection" should be used for Query Services? Earlier there was mid-values, but it's not clear now.

		 - {DONE}} Help Sriram with Homedepot - ask [[Saurabh Mahapatra]] #[[Projects]]-QS-CJA #Projects
			 - Already send data feed to AEP for POC (Sunish, Brian)

			 - Add to AEP-POC slack.

			 - Goal: Create a data view in QS. 

			 - What is the current connector

			 - What's the marketing feed?

			 - connection - which one to use? follow up with Sri

	 - BigQuery performance
		 - If slots are available, query will run fast. Else, slow. 

		 - Fast = 1 yr data in 10-15 mins.

	 - Audience creation
		 - Building audiences based on criteria; 

	 - Agenda
		 - Introductions
			 - Recording?

			 - What's your name and role in your organization?

		 - Current usage
			 - What do you use Adobe Analytics for?

			 - How do you use Google BigQuery in conjunction with Adobe Analytics?

			 - Walk us through your data exploration and data preparation workflows?

			 - When do you use BQ vs. AA?

			 - Do you plan on using QS? Why / why not?

		 - Priorities and pain points
			 - What are your pain points around BQ in conjunction with AA?

- AEP Query Service GTM / Pricing Model with [[Klaasjan Tukker]]
	 - Sal will be working on all these issues

	 - GTM changes
		 - Original: One single thing

		 - 2019/20: Core + app services (RTCDP / CJA)

		 - 2020: different packages

	 - Get Product Descriptions from Sal

	 - Provisioning team will expand to "monetization" team.

	 - Who does what?
		 - Hazem: metering and cost estimation

		 - Sal: entitlements and enforcement

	 - Modesls for consumption based billing
		 - Anil C wants to bring out a credit based enterprise model
			 - E.g. 50k credits in Exp Cloud

		 - Low end developer licenses

		 - GCP / AWS model: we are quite far away from that

	 - Agenda
		 - Metering and enforcement: how much is centralzied vs. how much should be done by individual teams?

		 - What new FIs should be created?

- CJA deck feedback
	 - Slide 11 starts capabilities 

	 - In section 1 - emphasize 

- Query Service Provisioning and COGS with [[Andrew Chen]]
	 - Current approach 
		 - QS doesn't even check for the acp_qs FI. Every IMS org has it.

		 - Capping concurrent batch jobs is on the backlog, but not doing it yet

		 - Concurrent users: we enforce this, but it's not hooked into provisioning

	 - Concurrency
		 - Concurrent user = concurrent session (postgres connection)

		 - But we may move to capping concurrent queries instead (so that we don't punish people for keeping sessions idle). But our auto-scaling is based on connections, not queries.

	 - COGS
		 - Cutting off users is not a good user experience.

		 - Paresh is building **entitlement reporting** pipeline. Each independent service can publish usage metrics.

		 - Decouple cost for QS and Reporting

	 - Performance reporting
		 - Should UI expose query history data scanned?

	 - Agenda
		 - Performance and stability benchmarks - spoke to Serge, but not much update

- Cost estimation and metering meeting with [[Hazem Zmeili]]
	 - Current provisioning process
		 - Three different areas: licenses, entitlements, metering

		 - Entitlement terms go to provisioning DB

	 - Entitlement reporting / entitlement service
		 - Dashboards

		 - Working with Paresh on eng.

		 - Goal is to report on entitlement usage with respect to license limits

		 - Q1 2021 release; MVP; only first 4 metrics (Query Service is not included)

		 - Review metrics and entitlements for QS

	 - Metering service
		 - Architect: Paul Mackles

		 - Eng manager: Raghavan

		 - Small POC with profile team

		 - Each team will define some drivers of COGS and will work with

		 - Post-POC we will include Query Service

		 - Still pre-PPC

		 - Coming up with a standardization process
