- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} 
		 - {{POMO  10}}

		 - Today we're in Denver CO! We're in a lovely apartment where we'll be staying for the next six weeks. It's three stories. The ground floor has a dining room, kitchen, and living room. The upstairs has two bedrooms and two bathrooms, and the downstairs has an office set up and a tv area. We set up all our stuff yesterday, and we're really enjoying the place. So much so that Rukma wants to buy it! I agree that we should rent a nice place like this in our next home in the Bay Area. A place that we can make our own for at least the next year or so.

		 - What else is on my mind? Things that have been irritating me this past week or for the past couple of days at least
			 - Sharmila

			 - Dad

			 - Job promotion

		 - With each one, what's going on? Sharmila. Just a sense of frustration and anger that I'm not being helped, or that I'm helpless and dealing with a very incompetent team. OK. But that happens all the time at work... what's different here? I can feel it even now calling it to mind. Tightness is my lower jaw and neck area, and a sort of throbbing in my upper chest. What's the thought here? Just a strong dislike for another person. Why do I dislike her? Can't I have love and kindness? Yes, but I can't reject my feelings of dislike either. This is the secondary loop... that I'm trying to reject these feelings. Need to feel the feelings first.

		 - What about with dad? Again, a sense of frustration.. like I need to fight back. 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- GTD
	 - DONE Catch up with Jimmy from Boulder Co

	 - DONE House buy vs rent analysis #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Colorado springs - garden of the gods

- Mentorship call wtih [[Megha Mishra]]
	 - UPenn MS Data Science

	 - Undegrad in CS - 1 yr in Deloitte BTA

	 - Got into ML / AI

- [[Therapy]] with [[Tucker Peck]]
	 - Dad micromanages me very much; doesn't trust that I can do things on my own

	 - Vicious cycle: dad was very overbearing, which caused me to disengage, which caused me to disengage further

	 - I know that my parents are reliable and safe, but I'm not close to them

	 - Two issues that dad and I both have: emotional flatness and control issues

	 - Lack of passion is going to be addressed by emotional awareness; need to turn up my emotional sensitivity

	 - Concept: internal family systems. Like the TMI mind-system model of sub-minds.

	 - Two sub-minds: abuser and abused. These are the two dominant sub-minds for me. Look for other motivations other than these two.

	 - Exercise: When faced with day to day situations, look for other motivations other than abuser / abused.

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Issue with dad: I could just sell the land, but this would be passive aggressive. Better to address it head-on.

	 - Relationship with dad - full of emotions that are all un-expressed.

	 - I also don't trust my father to change.
