- 1-1 [[Pallav Vyas]]
	 - CoD Performance dashboard
		 - About iOS dashboard

		 - TimeAfterTapCoD = 

	 - Andoid CoD dashboard
		 - For Android; analysis of wave 1; not targeting entire population; what percentage of population within Android performant, etc.

	 - [[Colorado pipeline]]
		 - Overall pipeline
			 - Qualifier
				 - FQ: qualified and promoted

				 - SQ: qualified but no promotion

				 - DQ: Not qualified

			 - CNPDF conversion
				 - Convert PDF to CNPDF (Cloud-Native), required for streaming

				 - Then converted to cozip

			 - Render
				 - Input generation for ML

			 - Yoda / Baby Yoda

			 - IR
				 - Cleaning up

			 - MA / S11R
				 - ML input + Knowledge Sources to convert PDF to FTPDF

			 - T4 SDK - translation
				 - Conversion to HTML / CSS

			 - DX
				 - More CSS + JS: Styling - zoom, etc.

		 - Proactive conversion
			 - Start the pipeline before user taps LM button

	 - iOS performance
		 - Post-qualifier, takes about 4s per page on average (depends on many factors)

		 - Time from LM icon tap until content shown

- 1-1 [[LN]]
	 - Eng process
		 - Attend sprint reviews to get plugged in

		 - Start with Matthew's DX sprints

		 - CoD Android project - Pallav

	 - PPC process
		 - We need to add to our PPC

		 - And need to get it added to other teams' PPC as well

	 - Analytics and metrics
		 - Is there correlation between LM users and upsell? LN really cares about this!

		 - Tiger team

	 - How to get this prioritized by Sumit and Heather?
		 - Understand how do they prioritize their initiatives and planning; understand their planning process

		 - Randy and LN can also endorse and make a strong case.

	 - DONE Meet with Phil Y, MIke K, and Richard C, Ashutosh Mehra #[[LM-misc]]

- 1-1 [[Sumit Gupta]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Past work done on LM?

		 - Any people I can reach out to to learn more?

		 - Tableau access

		 - AEP integration

		 - Hadoop analytics

	 - About team - DC / DS - Doc Cloud Data Science
		 - Started working on Analytics - building dashboards, etc.

		 - Recently switched more to ML projects on how to increase retention, monetization, etc.?

		 - E.g. coming up with models for personalization and targeting

	 - Collab w/ PM
		 - Aditya and Sumit have regular syncs every two weeks

		 - Few years back there was a lot of collaboration - with Analytics focus

		 - Developed executive dashboards and performance dashboards for LM

		 - Performance dashboard is the main thing they're doing now

	 - Getting access

	 - DONE Sumit will send link to Tableau access
		 - [14:44] Sumit Gupta

		 - Getting access to a specific project in Tableau Server is self-serviced and can be requested following the steps below:
			 - Navigate to: [**IDS Insights Portal**](https://idsinsights.corp.adobe.com/)

			 - Click on the **Access Request** tab

			 - Search using the quick filter from the top right or scroll to find the subject area you need access on Tableau **[Search for DC Data Science]**

			 - Click that folder icon and follow the on screen message to request access

		 - This will submit an access request to the ARM system for approval. You will get an email stating that the request has been submitted. Once the access request has been approved you will get an email saying that the access request is complete. Once the approval is complete the Tableau application will need to sync the access. The sync process completes every 4 hours.

		 - https://idsplatforms.corp.adobe.com/tableau-self-service#2

	 - Other problems they worked on
		 - What is the impact of Sign on Desktop retention? Similar project to the one we're asking.

		 - DONE Slide deck to be shared

	 - Prioritization
		 - PMM + PM work on prioritization - Kevin / Todd

- PM / PMM Sync w [[Kevin Shankar]], [[Randy Swineford]], [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - DONE ML / Data science - connect with Saloni; Kevin says her team is working on this

- 1-1 [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Project with Bea / Pallav

	 - DONE Campaign for LM - PMM

	 - DONE Pitch deck for data science projects #[[LM-misc]] 
		 - Why: Two sides of MAU; what's driving MAU? What's MAU driving?

		 - Possibilities: 
			 - Monetizing LM directly

	 - DONE [[[[Projects]]-LM-APIs]] - goal for end of July and milestones

	 - DONE Read and understand use cases for doc services apis #[[[[Projects]]-LM-APIs]]

	 - DONE Develop list of leads and customer outreach plan for Doc Gen / View SDK #[[[[Projects]]-LM-APIs]]

- 1-1 [[Steven Bruce]]
	 - Work on further defining hadoop exercise - which tables to recreate

- [[Therapy]] with [[Tucker Peck]]
	 - Feeling obsessive: I'm trying to change my behavior with "you're an expert"; but it seems fake

	 - Relationship with parents

	 - Two voices: "happiness comes from small irrelevant choices" / vs. "this shouldn't matter"
		 - Then I think "what kind of person obsesses over something so minor?"

		 - Anytime I feel an obsessive decision, I need to use a random number generator.

	 - OCPD - I meet almost all the criteria
