- [[LM Vision]] team collaboration point
	 - Title: Team collaboration across files

	 - Description: Content from multiple files and repositories is extracted, categorized, and personalized to enable efficient team collaboration

- GTD
	 - DONE Magsage charging dock magsafe #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Electric power strips plus boxes

	 - DONE Cardboard strips to heighten couch leg and dishwasher back side #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Home]]

	 - DONE Coffee mugs set

	 - DONE Sleep ear plugs for rukma #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Smart bulb set Google

	 - [[Therapy]]
		 - Became sad and had a negative spiral of self critical thoughts. Sad about speakers and evening not going right. Then became sad about being sad, then about not professing on wellbeing goals. Then rukma made me pause and notice that I'm spiraling. Then I felt the sensations in my head, in my eyes, nose, throat, pulsing sensation - like the one before crying. 

- AOpen work
	 - 

- [[Therapy]] w [[Tucker Peck]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Sad about planning

	 - Went through an exercise on why I have trouble with goal directed activities
		 - Recognize that the dictator voice is a voice

		 - De-identify with this voice; view it as an external voice

		 - Get to a place where I'm not under the compulsion of any voice; then try to get to a place of compassion for that voice - like it's a kid

- [[Therapy]] w [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Discussing negativity to the projects I bring;

	 - Developed a manager persona in my early 20s, and now I've given it too much power

	 - Manager persona has taken over my core personality

	 - Sense of loss of my earlier personality 

	 - The bad persona is not just a manager, but a BAD manager; my manager is not inspiring or visionary

	 - DONE Cancel labor day appointment

	 - DONE Need to develop a positive connection to my more creative and spontaneous side and less managerial side

	 - Need to get to a place in me that's behind the mask of the manager

	 - DONE Brainstorm what are activities that can help me break out of the manager persona #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]
		 - dance classes with Rukma

	 - Art as therapy - Jurgen used to do this. I can look into this. Take up music for example? 

- 
