- PRD w [[Abhigyan Modi]], [[LN]] [[Randy Swineford]], [[Aditya Baul]] and team
	 - Agenda / notes
		 - Android CoD
			 - W1: 20% of user base

			 - W1 + W2: 30% of user base

			 - Provisional: convert based on 1st page; 20% improvement in time; render output after processing 1st page, whereas the traditional conversion processes 4 pages

		 - Expand auto-open
			 - Current: 12M

			 - End of Q4: <20M

			 - Target: 25M

	 - Feedback
		 - How to increase MAU% in addition to files?

- GTD
	 - DONE Schedule sync w gaurav team

	 - DONE Mandatory Travel and Expense Policy Overview Course [[November 10th, 2021]]

	 - DONE Rukma raincoat

	 - DONE Find alternative to redditing - habit list

	 - DONE Penn cancel graduation Application

	 - DONE LM should enter immersive mode with scroll down #[[LM-misc]]

	 - DONE Mouth wash - for sores

	 - DONE wheel of time tatoo

	 - DONE Write to friends social / covid / and parents [[November 10th, 2021]]
		 - Hey guys! Unfortunately Rukma contracted Covid last week despite being fully vaccinated. Fortunately it wasn't severe, and she's almost back to normal already. Her doctor advised social isolation until Monday 11/15 based on CDC guidelines.

We'll have to cancel our plans this weekend, but 

	 - DONE Intellidrink clone project #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Side-Projects]] #2022-W7
		 - Seek collaborators on MCIT
			 - Does anybody want to collaborate with me on building a drink tracking web app? The app will track your drinks over time and show you a graph of your estimated BAC, helping you understand when you should slow down or stop drinking. The goal is to deploy the app as a web app or PWA.

			 - There used to be an iOS app called "Intellidrink" that did this really well, but unfortunately it no longer exists.

			 - Why Intellidrink no longer exists: https://twitter.com/intellidrink/status/961350814215426048

			 - Summary of Intellidrink: https://www.apppicker.com/reviews/13134/intellidrink-app-review-your-very-own-customized-blood-alcohol-content-calculator-in-the-palm-of-your-hand

			 - Detailed review of app and features: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkbP4KexNpI

			 - 

		 - Refs
			 - Boozelib python lib

- 1-1 w [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Matthew, Pallav - iOS Android meetings

		 - DC KPIs

		 - W1.5

		 - Career development chat

	 - DONE Analyze if we can expand LM user base to non-supported languages
		 - eVar to track dominant language of file vs. device language 

		 - Update funnel slide to have additional lever
