- Working on [[IDS Hadoop]]

- 1-1 w [[Bea Alessio]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Update Abhay slides

		 - How to recreate table from a blank project?

		 - Which slides to take up next?

	 - Occurences = files

	 - Monthly deck creation steps
		 - Sharepoint > AI > LM > Updates > (Newest) > (Duplicate) 

	 - DONE Update May monthly deck #[[LM-Metrics]] #2021-W24
		 - Start slide 75 onwards - detailed analytics

- 1-1 with [[Dawn Murai]]
	 - About Dawn
		 - Originally hired to build DC website

		 - Then reinvented the team to do journeys / engagement / retention

		 - Then expanded to core PMM for Acrobat, and engagement is moved out

		 - Dawn - only focused on Acrobat web

	 - DONE Feedback
		 - Acrobat Reader mobile - lower case

		 - Acrobat web - lower case

	 - Acrobat web - 
		 - Use cases and workflows being worked on by:
			 - Jenna (intern)

			 - Paige - core PMM for Sign and Acrobat

			 - Valerie Chen - working on use cases and personas - general, not limited to web

		 - We should prioritize this highly - because web is the center

	 - Next steps
		 - Talk to more people

- 1-1 w [[Natalie Dye]]
	 - Natalie intro
		 - With Adobe 3+ yrs

		 - Artsy / interested in design

	 - Design org structure
		 - Mobile - Cindy, Natalie

		 - Web - Peter

		 - APIs - Kyung (templates)

		 - Petra Conley (Program Manager for DC) 

	 - Process of interaction
		 - Wiki with requirements and stories

	 - Notes
		 - Keep a good journal

		 - XD has a new whiteboard feature

- 1-1 w [[Matthew Hardy]]
	 - About Matt
		 - Sr Eng Manager

		 - LM -front-end

		 - Tech stack for how to turn PDF into HTML

		 - Manage the pipeline for performance

		 - EM for accessibility also

		 - Pallav leads visualizer for extract

	 - PDF Next
		 - Started by Matt Hardy

		 - Goodness of PDF - need a document of record / PDF stands the test of time

		 - Matt says PDF won't die!

		 - We will still need PDF as an archival format - even if not as a live / transactional format

		 - Use cases: archival vs. interactional

	 - [[LM-Metrics]]
		 - Why are we increasing MAU? What's the impact on our business? Upsell? Are those users inclined to user our product more?

		 - Matthew's wife Heather Devine - owns data science team for DC

	 - APIs project
		 - Desktop team / PDF Maker Eng: Sachin Soni, Ramneek Modgil

		 - Platform: Rajeev Sharma + Nikhil Kumar

		 - LM: Matt

- 1-1 w [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - DONE Discussed goals and feedback
		 - analytics - define cadence of updates and audiences

		 - 
