- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - Hello, it's Monday morning of week 15. W14 just ended. That was our first week in Austin. Had a lovely time so far. We're staying in the little Pink house in West Austin and having a lovely time. We already did so many things: saw LOTR at the Alamo Drafthouse while getting served beer and dinner; visited some of Austin's parks; got Tres Leches at Mi Tradicion; got BBQ brisket at a local farmer's market, and shopped at Central Market and that the OG Whole Foods. Austin is a cute little city. It's a place where there are lots of little coffee shops, little houses, and a nice vibe overall. Only problem I can think of is the lack of sidewalks, which is very annoying. Half the roads don't have sidewalks to walk on and you have to walk on the side of the road.

		 - What else is going on? This week I have two interviews final rounds coming up. Adobe DC PM and FB. Both seem pretty cool, but I'm probably more interested in FB tbh. Had a discussion yesterday with Hossam and it sounded pretty cool... also sounded like I'm doing OK on all my prep, I just need to bullet point the stories one last time, and I need to do a bit of PS prep where I focus on higher level solutions. Like the feedback from my first round and Hossam also said that. I hope I clear both of these interviews and have a good choice of where to go! But even if not, I wouldn't worry way too much. I mean, I should get a new job eventually, because I don't like my current job, so maybe I should let that motivate me in doing a good job of the upcoming interviews!

		 - What else this week other than interviews? That should really be the focus. Why didn't I reach out to Ashok to schedule a mock? I should do that today morning. Just ask him again and apologize. 

		 - Hossam seemed very helpful and eager to help when we spoke yesterday. Nice guy. Used to think he was whack back in school... but he's not so bad. He was very friendly!

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- DONE FB Behavioral Prep with Hossam and Rukma feedback #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]] #2021-W15

- CJA + Query Service use cases discussion with [[Trevor Paulsen]], [[Nils Engel]], [[Bryan Skelton]], [[Danny Miller]], [[Rohit Gossain]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Document use cases

	 - Documented use cases for SQL Explore and SQL Prep in the wiki

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Agenda
		 - GTM / marketing updates
			 - Akin and Aish

		 - Customers - LASA and Expedia

		 - QS customer enhancements triage meeting - need help

		 - Custom dashboards

	 - DONE Ask KT privately about https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLATIR-13566 - customer escalation

	 - 

- [[QS-UPS]] meeting with [[John Anderson]] and [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Disagreements between query models
		 - Are Query Models a general purpose construct across AEP? That's what John wants.

		 - Current proposal is to do SQL generation inside PRISM

		 - Disagreement is whether SQL generation will be in PRISM or one level upstream

- Meeting with [[Trevor Paulsen]]

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Complaining that my job sucks and I'm really stressing out

	 - Incident with ice cream - I wanted to get ice cream - one part of me wants ice cream and one part of me wants to maintain discipline - but I can't win

	 - Frustration with work - not a source of joy or excitement

	 - Maybe my job is making me cranky; why isolate it? 

	 - My expectations for myself are way too high; would not be happy with any job

	 - I have a lot of self-observation, but also a lot of self-criticism. 

	 - Unhappiness is also due to emotional neglect from my childhood - this is crippling for me - how to improve?
