- GTD
	 - DONE Parking ticket denver
		 - **Transaction ID #:** 7977373

		 - **Issued:** 01-Jun-2021 10:57 AM

		 - Citation Number: 205610171

		 - ItemIssue DateDescriptionLocationAmount

		 - Parking Citation Online05/28/2021PARKNG TOW-AWAY ZONE904 22ND AVE E$50.00

	 - DONE Udit parenting book #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - DONE Udit ipd #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - DONE Art heist tv show #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Trekking pokes #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Sleep mask #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

- DONE Scrub Jira #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]]

- LM and Readability, [[Rick Treitman]], [[Zoya Bylinskii]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Any wikis or docs

	 - Zoya and Rick working in Massachu

	 - Zoya: Creative intelligence lab research scientist. Interested in human perception and attention.

	 - Yile - Zoya's intern; working on readability project.

	 - Rick
		 - Former DC PM

		 - With Adobe for 16+ years

		 - Founder of Virtual Ubiquity - product called Buzz Word - online word processor purchased by Adobe

	 - Readability
		 - Research shows that controlling reading experience helps people read better

		 - E.g. crowding makes it very hard to read text

		 - Flexibility in font, spacing, etc. improves reading ability, fluency score for kids

		 - Reading recipes (parameters) chosen by the subjects themselves

	 - LM and Readability
		 - Readability studies are informing LM parameters - spacing, etc.

		 - LM allows you to build your own recipe

		 - Three parameters we can vary now: Font size, intercharacter spacing, inter-line spacing

		 - How to find the right format for each individual?

	 - LM analytics
		 - Usage data from LM should inform readability features

		 - How much time do people spend on pages? 

		 - Does that change when people flip the controls? 

		 - Are there specific templates that work better?

		 - Can we turn LM into a pair of magic reading glasses?

	 - Next steps
		 - DONE Share Analytics reports with them and ask them for their wikis and papers

		 - 

- 1-1 with [[Laurie Bryum]]
	 - Background
		 - Used to work for [[Anjul]]

		 - Focused on LM for Acrobat Mobile

		 - Metrics and analytics - Interested to know the measures that this was worth it

	 - Feedback on [[LM-Metrics]]
		 - Disconnect between what we're building and our analytics

		 - DONE Would like to understand the impact of their work on our key metrics.
			 - How does on-device impact our key metrics?

			 - Provisional

			 - Auto-open

	 - DS teams
		 - Sumit has a team 

- 1-1 with [[Bea Alessio]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Are there other data sources?

	 - [[LM-Metrics]]
		 - Hypotheses testing - Laurie wants to understand the impact of

		 - AA dashboards - Bea collaborated with data science team to build her KPI dashboard -- Tina Rozvani

		 - [[Nargol]] and team work on ML modeling based on our data

	 - AA
		 - Main user funnel - LM user funnel

	 - Slides
		 - 1 - App level funnell

		 - 2 - App level funnel

		 - 

- 
