- 1-1 [[Amanpreet Kang]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Auto-open analytics - iOS vs. Android

		 - Does Conversion started have qualifier status?

		 - CoD W1.5 roll-out plan

		 - CoD W1.5 dashboard

	 - DONE String manipulation / bucketing for segment - Randy / Pallav - URGENT (also Hybrid CNPDF)

	 - iOS vs. Android differences
		 - Android does qualifier first and THEN does pipeline

		 - iOS does this in parallel

		 - DONE Ask Pallav if we can change this

	 - 

- LM Sync up w [[Amanpreet Kang]], [[Misha Arora]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review JIRA board

		 - Time

		 - Hybrid CNPDF

	 - DONE Prioiritize bugs for Nov
		 - Bug - A problem which impairs or prevents the functions of the product. DCMAA-35845 Blank(No data) render in LM Mode for specific file - Ask Pallav

		 - Crashers and auto open

		 - Bug - A problem which impairs or prevents the functions of the product. DCMAA-35845 Blank(No data) render in LM Mode for specific file	 - Must Fix

- [[micro-journal]]
	 - Raised a false alarm this morning thinking that the Android team was missing some analytics... but really it turns out it was just Bea that was kind of stupid. Stupid? Really? But on the other hand, looks like Pallav already thought of everything, so nothing to do.

	 - Phew! I wonder if Pallav is some kind of engineering super-hero. That's what Laurie was suggesting with the founders award nomination.

	 - What would an engineering super-hero look like? Or a corporate super-hero?

	 - Is there such a thing? Well, they might wear a cape.

	 - Let me micro back to my trip experience.

	 - I see a photo of Estephenia

	 - She's a really cool person. She's so sweet and so helpful. I went into Mindbloom being very skeptical of the guides, because their descriptions all mention some very new agey stuff like Tarot and all... but it was really good!

- Working on Randy dashboards update

- [[micro-journal]] re [[Mindbloom - Ketamine]]
	 - Need to get creative

	 - What was my dream last night? Dreamt that I was flying to India. I (and Rukma I think) suddenly decided to fly back to India for some reason. Aditya Baul was there and I was telling him that I need to take some time to fly to India and I'll work from there (throwback to the fact that I still need to talk to him about my Dec leave). Then what else? I was also back at my Deloitte office. I went to the Mumbai office to meet some folks. I was traveling between Mumbai and Bangalore, and Hyderabad. In Bangalore I met Chinna uncle. I remember taking an Uber back and forth between the airport and someone's home. This part may be from another dream - but the Uber ride was only partial, it took me to some midway point in between. In both Bangalore and Mumbai I met some colleagues from Deloitte. Not sure exactly where we met or who they were. Then in Hyderabad there was my nanamma. She was merged with some kind of Wheel of Time women characters. I wanted to sleep beside her as I used to do when I was a kid. For some reason Philip Schulz was also there. He wanted to be with my nanamma also. Or he didn't? There was some issue between the two of them. This was a weird dream. What else do I remember from it?

	 - OK, let's go back to one of my mindbloom dreams. What was I dreaming of last time? I went into a prallel world that was completely black and dark. What if that's the world of the Dark One? That's how the dark one needs to get confronted. Because he doesn't exist in this plane of existence or this plane of consciousness. The only way to encounter the dark one is to go into the dream world of the ketamine journey. In that world alone does one encounter the dark one. Incidentally this is also the world in which one encounters the creator. But the dark one is also there. How do you communicate with the dark one? Start by thinking of a dark place. Then you get transported to a place of complete darkness. All the lights go off. Everything is closing in from all sides. It's like a black hole, where you can see more and more mass drawn towards you, but all in the blackness and the darkness. Is the dark one a person? What is a person here? He's just a voice that's tied to this particular state and experience. As we experience this, his voice booms out. O Nikhil, welcome to the lair of the dark one. What is it that you seek? Well, I don't know. I got transported here by accident. I've seen this place several times in my dreams, and I decided I wanted to travel here and explore it more deeply. "Fool! You don't know the danger you are in!" Oh gosh, Nikhil didn't realize that he was in any danger.

- Recruiting call w [[Michelle Le]] from [[Asana]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Recruiting process and timeline - after Jan?

		 - Leveling (I'm expecting promotion)

	 - PM openings
		 - 2 are focused on security - not a fit for me

		 - Automation / workflow - good fit for me

		 - Asana has only 35 PMs overall

	 - Process
		 - Presentation + HM call

		 - 15 min presentation about product I've launched + HM deep dive

	 - Presentation interview - 30 min interview
		 - 15 min - I present on a feature that I launched

		 - Showcase product sense, collaboration with xfn partners

		 - Panel: HM, product designer, EM, peer PM

		 - Sharing any specific insights - about customers, about data, what drove strategies, etc.

		 - How did the product perform, and how did we iterate, etc.

		 - Whatever I'm comfortable sharing

		 - 8-11 slides

		 - Michelle can provide slide deck template

	 - Leveling
		 - L3 - APM / new grad

		 - L4 - 2-4 y; post-MBA

		 - L5 - 5+ YOE; Senior PM

		 - L6 - More

		 - L8  

		 - They want to level me at L5-6

	 - Reference
		 - 1 previous or current manager

		 - 1 peer

		 - To understand what level I'm at, etc.

- DC AI Team Meeting - multitask w Analytics
	 - DONE Randy analytics page count ask

	 - DONE Randy CoD analytics ask

- 1-1 w [[Steven Bruce]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Taking over from Bea - what are the intersection projects?

		 - Slide from Deepak review - and is there a follow up meet?

	 - Bea / Hugo / Steven responsibilities 
		 - Experience for Tables in LM

		 - Hugo: responsible for DTM in core pipeline, also responsible for experience

		 - Steven - Yoda, MA, and data teams

- 1-1 w [[Pallav Vyas]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review updated metrics report

		 - Do we need new analytics? Yes

	 - 
