- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - First time journaling after a long time! Hello my old friend! What are some topics to think about for today? What's on my mind?

		 - Therapy with Tucker
			 - We talked about how I get into the negative spirals in certain situations, and what I need to do in those situations.

			 - For example, when doing weekly planning, I become extremely negative and start thinking that I haven't made progress on any of my goals, and that voice just starts kind of screaming. It's like, you suck, you haven't made progress on anything, you'll never accomplish anything. 

			 - First step is to recognize that this is a voice. It's not ME, it's a voice, just like any other voice. Moreover, it's a distorted voice, and is extremely one-sided in its negativity. Need to recognize and de-identify from this voice. That's the first step. This is where Rukma helps me a lot, and I've gotten so much better at this over the past 1-2 years since I've been in therapy. I understand that this is just a voice, and a persona.

			 - Then, the next step is the harder one, which is to de-identiy from this voice, and look at it as a voice that's in need of compassion and care. Adopt the wise advocate persona, let Rukma be my wise advocate.

			 - This is quite similar to the whole Unwinding Anxiety methodology where we have the steps and the gears. I think that is something that would be very useful for me to do more of. Yes, let's start incorporating this into life!!!

			 - What else is going on in therapy with Tucker? That's pretty much the main thing. Need to keep doing the exercises. Use every opportunity as a practice opportunity. Whenever I get into these situations in life, practice.  Look at the voice, listen to it, de-identify from it.

		 - Therapy with Jurgen
			 - This was a follow-on to the previous therapy, where I tried to dig into where this voice comes from and why I'm so gripped by this voice.

			 - We talked about how it may be related to the 'bad manager' persona that I developed during my Amsterdam days, and that's clouding several aspects of my life and personality.

			 - As a cure or antidote for this, I need to engage with other parts of my personalty. Especially the more playful parts of my personality. Some ways Jurgen suggested for this are to engage with art and playfulness like Lego. Would be good to set aside an evening of the week to focus on that. Now that we're bringing back routines and rhythms to our life after a long hiatus.

			 - What are some other ways to do it? Need to engage in non goal oriented activities. Playful activities. Drawing, playing music, playing with blocks, telling stories (also a game now), going into nature and spending time there, reading fiction - especially SFF, what are some other ways? Being more social? Yes, I think that's a good list for now. What else?

		 - Other
			 - Well, what else is on my mind right now? Wedding planning stuff. How's that going? Well, we decided to make an alt plan for the wedding for either July or Oct of 2022, so we'll stick to that. That'll be our Un-Wedding. I like the idea of Oct, but I could also be convinced to do Jul. We'll invite all of our friends and some local close family to the event. It may actually be good, that way we get to have our own separate celebration which we can control. Yes, I do like this idea. Maybe Oct gives more time for planning? What all do we need to do?

			 - To do
				 - Venue

				 - Date

				 - Guest list
					 - Immediate family - up to first cousins

					 - Friends

				 - Wedding planner and logistics

			 - OK, other than wedding stuff what else is on my mind? I guess I just peeked at my email and saw that Waymo canceled on me, which is likely not a good sign. Good idea to observe now what's going on with me internally. I felt a sudden surge of feelings from my stomach all the way up to my throat and teeth. It's like the entire body sensation becomes more prominent, my heart beats faster. This is the typical nervousness feeling. And then what's the compulsion to keep checking my mail?

		 - GTD
			 - DONE Respond to Negus

			 - DONE Invite Aaron + Adv to dinner

			 - DONE Add to life goals - play, time in nature, disconnecting, and translate to quarterly / weekly schedules #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- List of Projects with [[Tianyuan Cai]]
	 - User research for LM
		 - Goal: Understand the user personas, use cases, and pain points for PDF based workflows and how LM can solve these pain points.

		 - Target users: Consumers who regularly work with PDFs across mobile, web, and desktop.

	 - User research for LM for DC Platform
		 - Goal: Understand the user personas, use cases, and pain points for DC Platform workflows and how LM can solve these pain points.

		 - Target: Developers who generate and/or embed PDFs in their workflows (bonus points if their end users are mobile users)

	 - LM Analytics
		 - 

- 1-1 [[Pallav Vyas]]
	 - DONE Conversion analytics
		 - Server analytcs - 

		 - old on device - 

		 - new unified

	 - DONE Adobe analytics for LM tutorial  #[[LM-misc]]
		 - Intro to AA

		 - Intro to Hadoop

		 - Key segments
			 - LM

			 - On-Device

			 - Auto-Open

		 - Audience: LN + Randy

	 - DONE AOpen readout
		 - File funnel - files open

		 - Forecast
			 - Promo burn-out

			 - CoD impact? Increased conversion success > increased files entering LM

	 - DONE Going forward 1-1s - every other week

- LM PM Sync w [[Matthew Hardy]], [[Aditya Baul]], [[Steven Bruce]], [[Bea Alessio]]
	 - DONE AOpen readout feedback
		 - Have a slide on how auto open is driving growth; very punchy; my stuff is too detailed

- [[Waymo]] sim-agents final round w [[Jonathan Karmel]]
	 - References
		 - [[PM Interview Cheat Sheet]]

		 - [[Behavioral Interview stories]]

		 - Metrics
			 - Disengagements per 1000 miles (currently 0.03)

			 - Collisions (in simulation)

			 - Expert driver vs prediction

		 - Questions for interviewer
			 - What do you work on?

			 - What areas would we collaborate on in this role?

			 - Rule based vs ML for planning?

	 - Agenda
		 - Why Waymo - my excitement
			 - Really enjoyed interviews!

			 - Reinforced my view of the role
				 - Intellectually stimulating

				 - Cutting edge of ML/AI

				 - Impactful problems

			 - Exactly what I'm looking for!

		 - Org and team
			 - What are the objectives at each level?

		 - Problems and projects we work on
			 - How do we know that our simulation is improving?

			 - How do we get other teams to trust that our simulation and eval is good?

		 - About Waymo
			 - What's the relationship between Waymo and Alphabet? How does that impact us on a day-to-day level?

			 - Learning and development - my CS program

	 - About Jonathan
		 - Penn ug and MBA

		 - Interested in stats and data sci

		 - Google PM then Waymo

		 - Peter fader - research in customer retention models - applied statistics and probability - https://apps.wharton.upenn.edu/syllabi/2019A/STAT476403/

	 - Org structure and role
		 - J has 4 managers under him
			 - developer productivity; dev tools

			 - infrastructure / middleware for scenario development

			 - eval team - assessing what is good driving

			 - Realism - support eval team

		 - Under realism
			 - Sim-agents - largest bucket; replicate what you've seen in the past; last 10% is the hardes

			 - Sensor simulation - simulating sensor data

			 - Other next-get simulators

			 - Only 1 other PM on sim agents team

		 - Role
			 - High eng to PM ratio; lot of eng, less PM; lot of flexibility; 

			 - Improve CL change-list evaluation

		 - How do we convince ourselves 

- Abhay debrief w [[Randy Swineford]], [[Aditya Baul]], and team
	 - Doc lifecycle slide - simple diagram
		 - Create

		 - View

		 - Get insights

		 - Next actions

	 - Where AI can help

	 - Draw boxes around two or three things 
		 - Search and insights

		 - Viewing

		 - Extraction

- [[LM Vision]] doc lifecycle v1
	 - Specific doc workflows
		 - Invoice by email
			 - Receive invoice by email

			 - View invoice

			 - Comprehend and extract key information: amount due, deadline, payment method, etc.

			 - Take action - make payment

		 - Invoice by mail
			 - Receive invoice in mail

			 - Scan invoice

			 - Go through the "invoice by email" workflow

		 - Student downloads course syllabus from course website
			 - Download 

			 - View

			 - Comprehend

			 - Extract key information - assignments, exams, deadlines

			 - Add key information to calendar or reminders app

			 - Save in course folder

			 - Open the document 

			 - After course completion, archive for future reference 

		 - Corporate presentation 
			 - Create PPT

			 - Convert PPT to PDF

			 - Share PDF with meeting participants

			 - Participants view, comprehend, and comment

			 - Creator reviews the comments and interacts

			 - Archived for future refrence

	 - Common actions
		 - Create

		 - Share

		 - Publish

		 - Download

		 - View

		 - Comprehend

		 - Extract key information

		 - Save

		 - Archive
