- A11y mtg w [[Carl Dockhorn]], [[Joao Vasconcelos Pinheiro]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Can you provide an example?

	 - General
		 - Note: Colorado tagged PDF is NOT FTPDF, it's worse

		 - But Doc Gen is better, cuz we're not guessing the tags

	 - A11y benefits of FTPDF
		 - Tables are tagged - headings and cells

		 - Images have alt-text

	 - User journey - visual impair
		 - Visually impaired person

		 - Windows: Use screen reader apps - Jaws, NVDA

		 - Mac / iOS: Voice over apps

		 - Android: other

		 - Screen reader reads out PDF; needs to understand headings and paragraphs; keyboard shortcuts for going to next section; screen reader gives you info about the doc; without tags SR assumes everything is a paragraph; tags make it much better; tells you which stuff the user doesn't need to read;

		 - DONE Get video from Carl

	 - User journey - colorblind and other impairment
		 - Need to ensure contrast ratios are appropriate

	 - Compliance and regulation
		 - Financial industry wants PDFs to be accessible due to regulation

		 - FSI, HCLS, and education have a lot of laws about equivalent accessibility for disabled ppl

		 - 

- Analytics meeting w [[Joao Vasconcelos Pinheiro]]
	 - Name of PDF is the name of template

	 - Is it possible to encode in the URL? Provide the template name. Does query parameter work in case of PDF.

	 - PDF name corresponds to template name.

- AOpen analytics w [[Randy Swineford]], [[Steven Bruce]]
	 - Hadoop dump
		 - Default set of columns

		 - Want to find all events where LM Icon tap happened, but LM entered did not happen

		 - Randomly pick some 50 different visitors and see what's happening

		 - LM Icon tap = invoked auto open

	 - Steven tips
		 - First find all the visitor IDs of people in the cohort
			 - Or compare list of visit IDs where LM tapped occurs but LM entered does not occur

			 - List of Visit IDs with LM Icon tap

			 - List of Visit IDs with LM entered

			 - Then print all events for those Visit IDs

		 - 

- [[Waymo]] R2 follow-up interview w [[Neeral Beladia]]
	 - References
		 - [[PM Interview Cheat Sheet]]

		 - [[Behavioral Interview stories]]

		 - Metrics
			 - Collisions (in simulation)

			 - Expert driver vs prediction

			 - Disengagements per 1000 miles (currently 0.03)

		 - Questions for interviewer
			 - PM org structure - roles and resp

			 - What do you work on?

			 - What areas would we collaborate on in this role?

			 - Rule based vs ML for planning?

	 - Intro
		 - Prediction team; joined 1 month ago; Trucking

	 - Tech stack
		 - Sensors

		 - Perception 

		 - Prediction

		 - Planning and motion control

	 - Whiteboard - 
		 - Context
			 - Truck on freeway; Real-time decisions: straight, slow-down, lane-change, exit, brake, disengage, pull-over

			 - I am PM for planning and motion control

			 - Q: what action should the truck take next?

			 - Existing system vs. improvement ideas

			 - Quarterly OKR planning; meeting w PMs, design, eng. leads (ML/AI); I'm presenting

		 - Template
			 - Problem statement

			 - Impact of problem

			 - Solution approaches

			 - Asks and next steps

			 - Measurement of impact

		 - Start with metrics
			 - Top line metrics; gap in collisions

			 - Break down by dimensions; maybe dimensions don't already exist

			 - How to define the dimensions? SME way and data-driven way.

		 - Reason - 
			 - truck doesn't understand outputs of previosu system (perception / prediction)

			 - And incorporate into its motion control

		 - Actions
			 - Straight at same speed

			 - Straight but slow down

			 - Change lane left

			 - Change lane right

			 - Take next exit

		 - Q
			 - How to formulate problem to ML engineer?

		 - Problem
			 - Low volume of data

			 - Sparse events

		 - Solution: simulation / variation
			 - How do you train?

	 - Closing
		 - Neeral's role - sim/eval is the core of all of Waymo's product areas

		 - Provide tooling and pipeline to measure the metrics

		 - How to ensure that simulationsa re not too far off from reality

- [[[[Projects]]-LM-APIs]] w [[Ben Vanderberg]] and [[Joao Vasconcelos Pinheiro]]
	 - Feedback
		 - Main value will be from Accessibility, because the other use case requires Acrobat App

		 - Doesn't Word already output a tagged PDF? What's the value add here? 

		 - I have no control of how end users are using the app (how do I know they're using Acrobat app)? I don't want to have a dependency on a specific app.

		 - 
