- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - Good morning, journal! Last day, or rather second to last day of my intense week. Tomorrow will be the last day because of the G interviews.

		 - Yesterday. How was that? I had a couple of my DC AI interviews yesterday. I think that went quite well, and I quite liked the team that I spoke to. Couple more today for further validation of course. Then what else? I think I did pretty good in the behavioral interviews. I was able to find decent stories for almost everything asked and talk about them. I think that's something that I'm good at. Just pontificating. And I realized that the interviewers don't care so much about the actual details of the stories, they care more about what I did and how I approached it. Remember to use SAR framework to structure behavioral questions. Only other thing about the behavioral interviews is that I need to pick which stories I want to prioritize for each question. The ones that I think are missing are - failure and conflict for me. How to show that I'm humble and learning? I think I should talk about STEP story of failure. OK. I can think about that after a little bit. Maybe after this journaling I'll think about the behavioral interviews.

		 - What about other things? Interview prep for tomorrow? I feel quite good about that. Behavioral wrap up today, then just have a framework for the technical part. Can't do much of content prep for technicals beyond what I already know. Or maybe just pull up a cheat sheet for technical. Yeah, have that with me.

		 - What else other than interview stuff. How do I feel about the DC role if I end up getting it? I think I'll like it.

		 - DONE Inquire about H1B transfer before stamping - make online post and schedule call #[[USA-Immigration]] 

		 - Will it be really shitty if I take the DC role and then still leave for something better? Or maybe I can try for G/FB again early next year after the wedding? Why? What does that have to do with anything? I think I'm looking at the immigration fears again. Any other reason? Maybe I can get more time off and PTO and stuff if I continue with Adobe for now. I think what I'm mainly looking for is some stress releif right. I don't want to be constantly hit with a barrage of fire drills for customers complaining about a shitty product. That's what bothers me more than anything I think. My product is shitty, and I have no control over improving it. Well, let's see what happens now.

		 - What about internet woes? I think the 4g thing is not so bad

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Demo recording
	 - SQL explore and prep
		 - Welcome

	 - AEP Vision
		 - RHS: Operational use cases for segmentation and activation - primary focus for RT-CDP

		 - LHS: Analytical use cases - primary focus for CJA / AEP Intelligence

		 - QS is the backbone for Analytical use cases

	 - Architecture
		 - Source data into DL

		 - QS is the fundamental layer

		 - AEP Dashboards / Third party

	 - Usage patterns
		 - User goes through three stages in their journey; For example, consider a user who wants to build a dashboard that combines web analytics data with call center data (we'll see this in a demo) to better understand customer churn.

		 - First explore data - how many records are in each data set? What is the data type and format of each column? 

		 - Then prep - Once you understand the format and shape of your source data, you want to write queries to transform your source data into the format required for your dashboard. This may include joining multiple datasets, transforming data types, and so on. You would set up this job and set it to automatically refresh on a daily basis, so that you always have the latest data.

		 - SQL Interactive - After you've prepared data for dashboards, if you want modify / play around with your dashboards at blazing fast speeds - you can use SQL Interactive. Will talk more about this in dashboards

	 - SQL Explore and Prep
		 - How does it fit into various AEP offerings?

		 - SQL Explore is a core capability - included with most AEP offerings such as CJA and CDP - because it lets you explore data

		 - SQL Prep is a special capability that is included in the AEP Intelligence package. Basic version is available now - advanced version is coming soon (more on that in the dashboards seciton)

	 - SQL Explore
		 - Key highlights

	 - SQL Explore use cases

	 - SQL Prep highlihgts
		 - Once you've explored the data and determiend the SQL transformations required for your use case (for example - dashboarding) you can use SQL prep to automate the execution of  of that query via UI or API...

		 - This allows you to automate

		 - You can append

		 - Monitor

		 - We'll see this in the upcoming demo

	 - SQL Prep use cases

	 - Last
		 - Lastly, I want to touch upon some unique capabilities and functions supported by Query Service

		 - First, we support a wide range of Spark SQL helper functions; here's a sample list on this slide of common functions, but you can see the full list in our doc pages

		 - Next, we provide several OOTB ADFs which help you transform raw experience data (e.g. clickstream data) into visit and visotor level data; Three ADFs for sessionization / attribution / pathing - to learn more, please take a look at a recent tech blog we published which will be linked in the notes

		 - Prepared statements to parameterize queries

		 - API - covered by Kevin

	 - Other

- [[DC AI PM Interview]] with [[Steven Bruce]]
	 - About
		 - Sr. PM on DC AI/ Innovation

		 - Software eng > MBA > PM

		 - Understanding the structure of documents; that's the main goal.

		 - API for extracting structured content.

		 - Content based AI

	 - Where do you think strenghts are
		 - Customer discovery

		 - Analytics

	 - Technical
		 - Python

	 - Google Home
		 - Say words

		 - Speech to text

		 - Text understanding

		 - Search

	 - Speech to text
		 - Sounds to letters

	 - Google Home PM - user feedback
		 - Explicit feedback

		 - Implicit feedback

	 - Steve project
		 - Building ML models and incorporating into pipeline

		 - Worked with ML teams for liquid mode and extract

		 - Understanding table structure

		 - Understanding scan documents 

		 - Work with data teams -  labeled data

- Meeting with [[Amanda Diamante]] on ARES - SQL
	 - Amanda's proposal is very high level; does not help me understand the detailed use cases of why customers are coming between CJM / CJA / etc.

	 - Schedule ARES - SQL meeting with Meera, Anil, Saurabh, people on this call + Chris

- [[DC AI PM Interview]] with [[Carl Dockhorn]]
	 - My understanding of the role

	 - How I would structure this role

	 - NLP course

	 - Allocation of projects
		 - Core tech - colorado - Steven

		 - Liquid mode - client of colorado - Aditya and Bea focus on this

		 - Extract service API; also sits on top of Colorado - Chirs / Priyanka

		 - Smart dates for Sign - Chris

		 - Accessibility service API - similar to extract service; sits on top of Colorado - Carl Dockhorn

	 - Smart-find - find what you meant - Carl

- [[QS-UPS]] meeting with [[Anil Malkani]], [[John Anderson]], [[Nate Ross]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]], [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - Views vs. Query Model
		 - Meera's concern: View is CJA specific

		 - View is not app-specific

	 - Dashboard creation
		 - Start with data model or dataset?

- Discuss next steps for slow INSERTs in Query Service with [[Dave Sliwa]], [[Anil Malkani]], [[Yogitha Chilukuri]]
	 - Slow insert is expected behavior

	 - Current SLA for CTAS or INSERT - total time is 30 - 60 mins for dataset sizes under 100G

	 - Shone and Siphon team working on roadmap item to improve times: PLAT-65798

	 - This will remove dependency on Siphon; QS is no longer dependent on Siphon.

	 - Future SLA is TBD; we cannot determine future SLA until we know this.

	 - Dave to provide ETA on Trusted Provider by next week

- [[DC AI PM Interview]] with [[Bea Alessio]]
	 - Intros
		 - Mechanical + Electrical Eng

		 - Product design + art; interaction between artist and spectator

		 - Started working at a Boat / Yacht company as front end development; moved into PM with Uber for Yachts idea; including mix of online and SMS platform

		 - Started as design intern and moved to PM at Adobe

		 - My role is Sr. PM on technical / pipeline side

		 - We would be partneres

	 - Tell me about weaknesses and strengths
		 - Strengths
			 - Structure

			 - Tech skills

		 - DONE Weakness #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]]
			 - Culture

	 - Creative solution for a problem
		 - Cost model with data analysis; using

	 - Hypothetical - Google PM
		 - Context
			 - Make Google photos succesful

			 - KPIs

		 - Goals
			 - Engagement

			 - User base

		 - User
			 - Casual user

			 - Professional

		 - User needs
			 - Visually impaired user finds it hard to search

		 - Metrics for visual impaired user to find

		 - Product ideas

	 - Open projects
		 - Bea is PO for front end of liquid mode - 

		 - Steven collaborates with ML teams, then Bea looks at the UI and front end

		 - My role would be byond liquid mode to look at new projects

- [[QS-PLATIR]] meeting with [[Dave Weinstein]], [[Anil Malkani]], [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Context
		 - Hardening vs. new feature development

		 - Stability and performance always takes precedence over new feature requests

		 - New planning process for measurements

	 - UI issues
		 - Customers

- TODO https://www.newyorker.com/culture/annals-of-inquiry/why-computers-wont-make-themselves-smarter #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]
