- [[Therapy]] with [[Deepak Kumar]] from [[Teladoc]] for [[ADHD]] issues
	 - Symptoms
		 - Focused attentions - books, audiobooks, movies, 

		 - Forgetful

	 - Prescription not possible on Teladoc

	 - 18q test for attention and hyperactivity
		 - Yes to 6/9 attention qs

		 - Yes to 8/9 hyperactive 

	 - As a child I was hyperactive

	 - Care
		 - Attention and hyperactivity improves with medication, but not execution and organization.

		 - Two types of medication
			 - Stimulants (controlled) - need local therapist to prescribe; go through insurance list. Needs 2x / day. 

			 - Strattera, non-stimulant, but it takes 2 months to start working. 1x per day; not dependent on constant psychiatrsit intake.

	 - Straterra
		 - Strattera may create less dependence; it's less invasive. 

		 - Side-effects: gastro-intestinal side-effects; it's an irritant; takes a week or two to adjust

		 - Other side-effects: sleep disturbance, 

		 - Dosage: start with 40mg and get to 60 / 80mg later

	 - Insurance issues
		 - Call teladoc and ask for pre-authorization

		 - GoodRX - can order online

	 - Next steps
		 - If taking medication; make follow-up appointment in 4 weeks.

	 - DONE books #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] 
		 - 1) ADD-friendly ways to organize your life (Judith Kolberg and Kathleen Nadeau). 2) The disorganized mind: coaching your ADHD brain to take control of your time, tasks and talents (Nancy Ratey). 3) Taking charge of adult ADHD (Russell Barkley). 4) More attention, less deficit: success strategies for adults with ADHD (Ari Tuckman). 5) The mindfulness prescription for adult ADHD: an 8 step program for strengthening attention, managing emotions, and achieving your goals (Lidia Zylowska).

- GTD
	 - DONE Research ADHD, Strattera + Make psych appointment #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W28

	 - DONE Urine sample #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-Q3

	 - DONE Sulfur smell #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W48
		 - Dry bath with baking soda

		 - Then soak with baking soda

		 - Then soak in vinegar (1cup vingear + water)

		 - Machine wash with vinegar 1/2 cup in machine

	 - DONE Spray oil .

	 - DONE Gatorade

	 - DONE Paper towel

	 - DONE CERAVE SPF x 4

	 - DONE Tshirts #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Light black pants linen and similar shorts #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Rukma profile picture

	 - DONE Jane thank you.

	 - DONE Myth moot Conferences #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE "Adobe Learning" reminders #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2021-W28

- Meditation Retreat notes
	 - Day 1
		 - Strong urge to stop meditation in the middle. Much like urges I get during work to stop the task and watch YouTube. Feel it in my stomach, like a sinking feeling.

		 - Lots of mind wandering. Much more than day to day meditation.

	 - Day 2
		 - Today was also a very restless day. I had some periods of good meditation in between, but overwhelmingly beset my monkey mind and mind wandering and restlessness. The meditation also feels very boring, in that I'm feeling the same surface level sensations over and over again. Tried to find the restlessness in the body, but unable to.

- LM for doc services
	 - Hey team, I just wanted to provide a quick update on the customer research effort Joao and I have been working on:

	 - DC Platform Survey was sent out on Thursday before Shutdown

	 - We have 12 responses so far, of which 3 indicated interest in LM and 4 indicated interest in accessibility (see full survey results here)

	 - A survey reminder email will be sent out mid-week this week to hopefully get more responses

	 - Once Joao is back early next week we will start conducting customer research interviews with the respondents (see detailed plan here).

- 1-1 [[Ani Nenkova]]
	 - From Ani's team, Chris is very interested in the table experience

	 - DONE Ping Steven Bruce about can we figure out if people are zooming in on tables?
		 - List of questions to answer

		 - What kinds of documents are being viewed in LM?

		 - What kind of documents are being zoomed into? What parts of the documents?

- Call w [[Amazon]] PM recruiting

- Neuroscience courses to learn about [[ADHD]]
	 - [Introduction to Neuroeconomics: How the Brain Makes Decisions](https://www.coursera.org/learn/neuroeconomics#syllabus)

	 - [The Addicted Brain](https://www.coursera.org/learn/addiction-and-the-brain)

	 - [Understanding ADHD: Current Research and Practice](https://www.futurelearn.com/courses/understanding-adhd)

	 - [The Dopaminergic Mind in Human Evolution and History](https://www.amazon.com/Dopaminergic-Mind-Human-Evolution-History/dp/0521360897), scientific book

	 - [The Molecule of More: How a Single Chemical in Your Brain Drives Love, Sex, and Creativityand Will Det ermine the Fate of the Human Race](https://smile.amazon.com/Molecule-More-Chemical-Creativity-Determine-ebook/dp/B077ZCGT8N), Popular book (criticized)

	 - 

- LM meeting with [[Matthew Hardy]], [[Bea Alessio]], [[Steven Bruce]]
	 - Auto Open, ramping up
