- Meeting with [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Cancel Enterprise Sync CA

- DONE Enneagram #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]
	 - The [Enneagram Institute](https://www.enneagraminstitute.com/) is a great online resource

	 - Here's an [APP](https://enneaapp.com/) that many have enjoyed

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - DONE Update qs roadmap

- [[2021 PM Recruiting]] call with [[Doordash]]
	 - Teams and roles
		 - Doordash
			 - Expanding from food delivery to groceries, convenience items, pharmacy, etc.

		 - Logistics team
			 - Dasher fleet management; cross-functional; data analytics

			 - Customized requirements for merchants (e.g. Starbucks)

			 - Work on separate apps for merchants and fleet.

	 - Interview process
		 - First round - case study interview with HM. 45 mins. Hypothetical case. Say "suppose you're in charge of this, what do you do". How you improve at scale. Find a north start metric. Understand stakeholders. Identify risks. Like FB style execution interview.

		 - Second round - on site; 5x 1-1 interviews with PMs and cross functional partners - strategy, eng., data science

		 - Final round - call with product leadership

	 - Culture
		 - Move fast

		 - Dasher fleet is 200k+ people

- [[QS-CJA]] meeting with [[Bret Gundersen]], [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - How QS leverages Identity? Do we have details on that yet? Not yet.

	 - ARES - SQL
		 - Business value
			 - Consistency 

- [[QS-export]] with [[Klaasjan Tukker]]
	 - Nat West / RTCDP wants all Analytics data exported
		 - Don't want to use Web SDK because they need to re-tag all their properties

		 - How to deal with streaming input

	 - GTM
		 - Streaming - advanced - for activation

		 - Collection enteprise - SSF

		 - Intelligence - Raw datasets

		 - 
