- DONE Schedule Mocks
	 - Hi Ivan — I had a successful first round interview, and I've been invited back for a final round of interviews. Thanks again for your help and feedback! Any chance I can bother you for one more mock interview before my final round?

	 - Hi Race — Hope you're doing well! Following up on my earlier LinkedIn request for a mock interview, I was wondering if you might have some time later this week or early next week? Here are some times that work well for me. I'd be happy to find other times (including weekends) if those times don't work for you.

- Custom dashboards UX review with [[Kevin Foster]], [[John Anderson]], [[Rahul Mittra]], [[Nate Ross]]
	 - Why can't LASA use Profile?
		 - Dashboard aggregates are not at a profile level; 

		 - Some records don't even have identity - e.g. people walked into the in-store and bought something... that still needs to be reported.

		 - Doing things in SQL that you can't do in Profile Service.

	 - Why is LASA materializing datasets?
		 - Active Aggregate: could not run this as single SQL query; too expensive for QS; had to break this up.

- ARES - SQL meeting with [[Trevor Paulsen]], [[Amanda Diamante]]
	 - Amanda works with App Services team - responsible for reporting API, etc. Enables customers to interact with ARES.

- Real-time analytics meeting with [[Saptho Nair]] and [[Chris Luby]]
	 - Saptho's projects
		 - Approximate queries - for dashboards, for data exploration

		 - Real-time ML

	 - Other use cases for real-time analytics
		 - Deepak Pai in IS

		 - Anomaly detection for Dashboards

		 - Causality analysis for dashboards

		 - Real-time dashboards

		 - Tracking lost revenue
