- 1-1 [[Gaurav Singh]]
	 - Agenda
		 - NM to share LM update for Deepak

		 - Ask for how this fits into Acrobat strategy?

	 - Aman and Sakshi not in favor of removing LM promos
		 - Need to take a call on this

		 - Don't want to bloat it up

		 - User may feel that they have turned off promos for LM but not for others

		 - Reveals organizational dysfunction

	 - LM objectives w
		 - Acrobat pitches it as a differentiator key

		 - DONE Study proposal on LM driving Mobile KPIs #[[LM-Metrics]] #2021-W43 [[October 27th, 2021]]

- LM - Android sync up w [[Misha Arora]], [[Bea Alessio]]
	 - Aman going forward leading Microsoft T4 JS support until March

	 - Share 1-1 w Aman w group

- Team meet w [[Randy Swineford]], [[Aditya Baul]], [[Bea Alessio]]
	 - DONE Give R36 segment defns to Randy and panels #[[LM-Metrics]] #2021-W43

	 - DONE PRD Planning Q1
		 - iOS
			 - Analytics clean up

			 - DTM integration w client

			 - Expansion of auto-open to 100%

		 - Android
			 - CoD + AOpen on Wave 1 devices

			 - CoD on Wave 2

			 - Expansion of auto-open to signed-out users (also control for impact of Abhigyan's ask on LM being signed)

- [[Therapy]] with [[Tucker Peck]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Frustrated with self - if I catch early, it works, but if I catch late, it doesn't work

		 - Frustrated with Rukma - this voice has been coming up a lot lately - pointing out 100 things that are wrong

		 - Ketamine

	 - Tips for de-identification
		 - Find someone or something I can trust; I can handle whatever happens

		 - Meditation practice: find the self; when you get to the head, try to find where the self is; till the head vanishes

	 - Tips for nit-picking at Rukma
		 - Come up with a silly word; every time I say she's done something wrong, she says Shazam

		 - Once I notice this; notice the feeling, get curious about it. Pretend that this is a permanent fact of life, and try to deal with it.

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Where do I live my life? In the context of my job. I'm always looking at myself from a third person perspective.

	 - Can I follow the traditional family life - having kids, starting a family, will I be happy with that?

	 - Will I become brain-dead?

	 - How will my relationships with my parents and family impact my relationships going forward.

	 - Essence of life boils down to one's capacity to love. What do I think?
