- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - Accidentally set the wrong pomo timer. Can't change it apparently. Oh well.

		 - It's almost a week into our work phase of the adventure. How are things going? Quite well I would say. The internet conection here leaves something to be desired, but other than that, the apartment itself is great. Also, it doesn't have all the amenities of a fancy place like we were used to in Modera - it's not a luxurious apartment that is, but nevertheless it's a very nice place to live. It's a large and cozy home. We'll definitely remember this place quite fondly! What else? Next we're going to live in Carpenteria for a month. After that things are quite open.

		 - DONE Task for finding new places to live - recurring monthly? #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

		 - Need to think about where we want to go after that. Maybe we need to plan at least 1 month in advance. Is that enough? That's a bare minimum. Two months would be even better. I can play around with a couple of parameters on Airbnb and see how it looks.

		 - What next? Work. Work is going OK. I need to fix that CA deck... it's a mixed bag of positive and negative reactions. I just feel as if I've been straight-jacketed by Meera to make the deck in a way that I would never use to communicate things myself. I just don't see eye to eye with her. That's something I need to fix soon. Today or tomorrow. Otherwise as we start presenting to others it will become more problematic. Let me get the messaging right.  That's the main thing that's going on at work. I need to get the messaging in a way that compromises between what Meera wants and what I really believe is reasonable. That's part of the PM job. Other than that my focus should be on interview prep. I should work on that on a daily basis for a while. I should be spending 5 - 10 hours per week on it for the next few weeks. Yes. I will finish the exponent stuff, then start reading a book or two on the topic. Rukma and I made a plan yesterday which I feel pretty good about... just need to execute that plan. Will do.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- [[PM Interview Prep]] practice
	 - Uber ETA
		 - User journey
			 - Rider opens Uber app

			 - Rider enters destination

			 - Rider clicks request

			 - Uber identifies nearby drivers

			 - Uber offers ride to nearby drivers

			 - Driver clicks accept

			 - Driver starts driving / navigating

			 - Driver arrives at destination and parks car

			 - Rider is notified

		 - ETA estimation
			 - ETA = Google Maps ETA + F(4,5,6,7,8)

		 - Factors impacting ETA
			 - Availability of drivers nearby

			 - Likelihood of nearby drivers to accept the ride

			 - Efficiency of drivers nearby

			 - Drive complexity of the area in question

- [[QS-COGS]] meeting with [[Paul Mackles]], [[Andrew Chen]]
	 - Paul is architecting a metering project

	 - DONE Send cogs report to Paul

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - DONE Document feedback in wiki

	 - DONE Call with Ted, Terry Chen, and Costin on Enterprise Sync

- CA review with [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Anil Malkani]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Good news - V's Prism team; Nichole, Jon Anderson, etc. totally on board

		 - Enterprise sync - 
			 - meeting with Destinations team tomorrow

			 - V is not on board for enterprise sync

		 - Focus is too broad
			 - Overlap with Ashwin's UPS export project

			 - Overlap with Keshav's Data Prep project

		 - "Data Group" name - need to clarify this concept

		 - DONE Add bring your own data warehouse use case

		 - DONE Context slides
			 - 1. Slide on history / context: UPS export (attributes) completed, but not events

			 - 2. UIS export to Data Lake

			 - 3. SQL Prep; Data Prep - originally drag and drop, but now just SQL data prep.

		 - DONE Phasing slide: Start with Dashboards, then move on to enterprise sync

		 - DONE Name: Omnichannel exports
