- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - Again, journal after a while, but we don't mention that!

		 - Yesterday I engaged with the fact that I suffer from OCD and/or GAD. Actually, when watching / reading about both, I found that I resonated with GAD at least as much as I resonated with OCD. What does this mean?

		 - I like it quite a bit. It gives me a label for the negative thoughts and feelings that I'm experiencing. It's not me, it's my anxiety. Also, it gives me some frameworks to think about this issue - like I can start reading some books about it - and it also gives me some communities that I can attach myself to like the subreddit for anxiety. 

		 - Let's think more about the specific nature of my anxiety. Think about it in three ways - thoughts, feelings, behaviors. What are the thoughts that characterize my anxiety? I think that something is amiss. Something is wrong. My life is wrong. Something about how I'm leading my life, or how I'm spending my time is wrong. Then this leads to behaviors that can help me get reassurance. If only I can make a structured plan for how to organize my life and my time, then things will be better. Does the behavior actually work? To a certain extent it works. To what extent? When I feel like the structure and plan is working, then I temporarily feel good. But is that feeling good DUE to the structure? I think perhaps. And to what extent is it NOT working? Well, to the extent that the structure is almost never complete and going well. If 80% of the time I feel like I'm failing, that's not good. 

		 - The mix of anxiety and productivity fetishism is not a good combination. The two feed off each other in negative ways. Perhaps I need to move away from productivity fetishism for now? For good? Is it at all a good thing?

		 - Lastly, I missed the feelings. What are the feelings that characterize anxiety? 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- [[Google PM Interview]] first round part 2 with Sagarika Kotredes
	 - Whiteboard
		 - Obsolete products
			 - Television

		 - HBO

		 - Users
			 - Geographies

		 - User needs
			 - I want to watch television on-demand

			 - 

		 - Tech
			 - VR headsets

			 - AI/ML

		 - Product ideas
			 - Short form content

			 - Localized content

			 - Personalized content

			 - AR /VR enabled content

	 - Whiteboard 2
		 - Goal
			 - Pre-covid; IT for amusement park like 6 flags; design mobile app

			 - Improve UX and engagement

		 - User
			 - Families with children

			 - Young couples

			 - Elderly

		 - User needs
			 - Buy a ticket to the park

			 - Navigate through the park

			 - Find a ride and book a place / wait in line

			 - Find rides that are of interest to me

			 - Find food and drink

			 - I want to have memories 

			 - Find related content and services

			 - Share experience 

		 - Product ideas
			 - Ticketing / storefront

			 - Maps type navigation 

			 - Waiting time for ries

			 - Route optimization

			 - Personalized ride recommendations 

			 - Uber / pricing optimization based on wait

			 - Photos and memories

			 - IG story integration

			 - Personalized food and drink recom

			 - Smart space - 

			 - AR headset -

		 - Metrtics
			 - Engagment
				 - Percentage of customres using app 

			 - Satisfaction
				 - Satisfaction score

			 - Retention
				 - Number of repeat visits 

			 - Monetization
				 - LTV - by app vs. 

	 - Whiteboard 3 - email
		 - Logging into gmail; loading inbox

	 - Qs for interviewer
		 - Tell me about the PM process at G: 

		 - Opportunity assessment - is it worth investing in? Get approval / go-ahead / buy-in from leadership

		 - Resource ask 

		 - Product development - ideation

		 - Cross-functional development

		 - Early testing

		 - Create PRD;

		 - Work with eng. to figure out implementation

		 - Launch and landing - how does it actually land and how is it received?

		 - 

	 - Cheat sheet - Behavioral
		 - {{embed  Tell me about yourself? v2}}

		 - {{embed  ((4132351c-2285-4ca9-af38-4b0eed433c5f))}}

	 - [[PM Interview Cheat Sheet]]

- ARES - SQL meeting with [[Trevor Paulsen]]
	 - Feature request from Joel
		 - Start with some data from sandbox, want to work with the same data in another sandbox

	 - Use cases
		 - I want to pull data from prod to dev for testing

	 - Questions
		 - Are source and destination IMS orgs the same? Not always.

	 - PALM - long term roadmap for 2022

	 - In the interim - it is possible for QS team to build a workaround

	 - Alt solution: Demo System Next can copy data between sandboxes

	 - Enterprise Sync - 

- Omnichannel events project [[John Anderson]], [[Rahul Mittra]]
	 - DONE "Custom Dashboards PPC Planning" wiki

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Agenda
		 - New cadence for custom dashboards? "Custom Dashboards PPC Planning"

		 - Enterprise destinations

	 - Custom dashboards
		 - DONE Validation meetings with KF, PK, Anil #[[QS-UPS]]

	 - Enterprise destinations

- DONE Google Keri
	 - I'm very happy to hear that, Keri! :) I'd prefer to have all the interviews on the same day, so that I can take the day off work to ensure I'm focused and distraction-free for the interviews.

	 - Would Monday 3/29 or Monday 3/22 be possible? Else I'd be happy to come back to you with more options.

- AEP dashboard for DDOM with [[Asa Whillock]]
	 - What's the intention of doing this for SMB?

	 - It will become part of AEP Dashboards: B2B dashboards, and custom dashboards

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Dig deeper into my diagnosis - OCD vs. GAD

	 - OCD
		 - Resources - wiki / DSM 5 / ICB 10 / webmd / may clinic

		 - What are the obsessive thought patterns?
			 - Things are out of order.

			 - Need for clarity and labels; e.g. I'm very worried about specific diagnosis.

			 - Inner calculation that does not come to a stopping point.

		 - What are the compulsive behaviors?
			 - Organizing - space, time, tasks.

			 - Labeling and clarifying things.

	 - GAD
		 - Can be a stand-alone category or can go along with another condition (like OCD).

	 - Mood disorder

	 - Issues with Rukma due to my OCD - indecision at the bakery; 

	 - Family issues - built in sense of perfectionism; need to come up with a narrative explanation for how this developed

	 - Started noticing this more 10 yrs ago; What changed 10 years ago? - Pick up on this next session.
