- [[QS-Collateral]] meeting with [[Leena Rao]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]

- Enterprise Destinations CA Pre-Read (Ted's team), 
	 - DONE Deck feedback #[[QS-export]]
		 - Need to identify eng. driver

		 - Address CJA use case - GTM, chargebacks

		 - AAM Customer data feeds (segment realization history) vs. Bulk export (no historical)

- Enterprise Destinations CA Pre-Read (Suman's team)

- DONE Create Custom dashboards epic

- DONE Meet with kevin on training

- [[Mock PM Interview]], Coffee Pot, {{POMO  10}}
	 - Users
		 - Office / WFH workers

		 - Event organizers - hosting a meeting, gathering

		 - Venues - offices, hotel lobbies, etc.

	 - User needs
		 - I want to drink more water / beverages

		 - I want keep my beverages warm throughout the day

		 - I want to drink more tea

		 - I want to have hot beverages available for my customers at all times

	 - Competition / trends

	 - Product ideas
		 - Reminder to refill, H, L

		 - Reminder to drink more - flashing light / beeping / smartphone integration; personalized goals; Apple health integration, H, H

		 - Reminder to re-heat, H, M

		 - Auto-refill - connection to hot water, M, H

		 - Built in tea-brewing / steeping, M, M

		 - Built in coffee-brewing, M , H

	 - Idea evaluation
		 - 

- [[Mock PM Interview]], Tri-star {{POMO  10}}
	 - Users
		 - Business traveler - consultant, sales, etc.

		 - Leisure traveler - vacation

		 - Business: conservative vs. modern

	 - User needs
		 - I want to minimize packing and unpacking time

		 - I want my luggage to look professional

		 - I want to be able to easily access things I need on the go (e.g. flight ticket, water bottle)

		 - I want to carry my luggage easily and efficiently

		 - I want to fit my bag on flight cabins

	 - Product ideas
		 - Multiple carrying options - rolling / backpack / messenger / brief

		 - Compartments for common items - shoes, bathroom kit, etc.

		 - Packing pouches that double as dresser organizers

		 - Built in check-list / reminder system

		 - Luggage tracking via GPS

- ARES - QS [[QS-CJA]] meeting with [[Trevor Paulsen]], [[Chris Luby]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]

- Meeting with [[Nipun Nair]], [[Ankush Kumar]]
	 - DONE Deck feedback #[[QS-export]]
		 - Capability already exists but there is no vehicle

		 - Guard-rails around what can be exported

	 - Nipun owns this project

	 - Many requests for this - even CJM is asking for this

- [[QS-export]] with [[Suman Basetty]], [[Mohit Garg]]
	 - DONE Deck updates
		 - SSF vs. Enterprise sync

		 - Also show Web Analytics data - this is the legacy scenario; in future webSDK will replace the Analytics connector; FOCUS ON WEB SDK
			 - Current flow: AAM > Export

			 - Future flow: Web SDK > AEP > Export

		 - Add stuff to the right of destinations - downstream use cases
			 - Data science / ML

			 - General purpose Data Lake sync

			 - Dashboard and reporting

		 - Slide on what can be exported vs. what can't be exported

		 - Rename UPS to Audience

		 - Mention Data Access API depracation

		 - AAM use case - out of scope - CDP use case

		 - Slide on SSF

		 - Use cases - gaps - etc
			 - Profile and segment

			 - SSF

			 - Enriched data

		 - Issues with Data Access API

	 - Mohit - why do we want to enable this?

- Call with [[Geico]]
	 - Give them the claim number: 8705692800000001

	 - Phone number: 800-841-2920

	 - 

- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 

	 - {{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Hello! This is my journal which I'm writing in after a long long time! I haven't written in weeks now. I wonder if there should be some policy about not starting the journal with the admonishion that I haven't written in a long time? Yes, that's probably a good idea. What are the major buckets of things that are on my mind that I need to get off my head right now?

		 - Wedding / parents
			 - Cluster of issues around feeling disconnected from my parents and feeling disconnected from the wedding planning. I've been talking to Jurgen about this for the past several sessions and it turns out that I set up these walls around me where my parents are concerned specifically because I wanted to keep them at a distance away from my life. When the walls are down and we become too closely involved, I feel that they are trying to exert their preferences on me all the time, and I'm constantly having to exert an effort to push back against that. As opposed to that, I found it easier to just keep them at a distance and not let them in to begin with. That seems to work pretty well for the most part, except when it comes to things we need to work together on.

			 - Well, the ideal version would be that we could have a better relationship where I don't feel like they're trying to impose their will on me, but I'm not sure how attainable that is. That's a much longer term project.

			 - All that is affecting the more immediate term issue of wedding planning, because it requires the same coordination... I feel like I'm not very involved whereas I would like to be more involved. This requires us

		 - Adobe life problems

		 - Job search

		 - Outside work - EC
