- [[AEP Blueprints]] meeting with [[Kevin Cobourn]]
	 - Blueprints is a program where they want to outline the architecture

	 - CJA vs Dashboards: CJA is for business users who want to derive insights to refine campaigns and to alter websites; BI teams have a bigger remit - not just focused on marketing operations

- [[Google PM Interview]] First round
	 - Whiteboard - q1
		 - Goal
			 - Google Maps launching in a new country.

		 - Users and use cases
			 - Discovery

			 - Personal Driving - navigation

			 - Service integration - Uber / ride-sharing - mobility

		 - Implementation
			 - Data collection

		 - Use cases
			 - Tourism - discovery is the main use case

		 - Product ideas

	 - Whiteboard - q2
		 - HBO Go - product improvement

		 - Users 
			 - Demographic - age range, education; young people; professionals, geography

			 - Usage - casual viewers vs. heavy viewers

			 - Casual tv viewer - find something intersting

			 - Fans - GoT

			 - Children - 

		 - Customers 
			 - New customers

			 - Existing

		 - HBO
			 - Discovery 

		 - Product ideas
			 - Shows

			 - TV - computer - mobile 

			 - Recommendations

	 - Cheat sheet
		 - {{embed  Tell me about yourself? v2}}

		 - {{embed  ((4132351c-2285-4ca9-af38-4b0eed433c5f))}}

- LASA: Bi-Weekly Product Review with [[Kevin Foster]]
	 - Good results with the block feature.
		 - Interactive - get confirmation for running each individual statement

	 - DONE Get Kevin provisioned for DWH

- Omnichannel Events Project: Weekly Review, [[John Anderson]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Make UI agnostic to back end: data lake stitching vs. UPS

	 - DONE Set up 2 hr wireframing meeting this week

- Saurabh Nikhil 1-1, [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Agenda
		 - JIRA review

		 - DONE Set up  backlog grooming and bug triage meetings bi-weekly #[[QS-misc]] #2021-W9

		 - DONE Set up 30 min with KF on demo

		 - DONE Find out if people have ever used feature pipelines

		 - DONE Batch vs. distributed compute - what's the back-end?

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Theory: unconscious association process in the mind (what artists can tap into); I should know where to begin intuitively

	 - I keep my father at a distance, because I feel he doesn't listen to me.

	 - Rukma says to me "I don't tell you things because I dont' want to get into a whole discussion" same with me and dad.

	 - I find my dad's world rather boring and uninteresting 

	 - But in some way I am struggling to reconcile two different value systems - my father's vs. mine.

	 - Continue next time: What makes my father an interesting person? What did he have to overcome to become who he is?
