- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - I'm journaling today. Today is my first round with FB. How do I feel about it? On the one hand I'm a bit nervous because I'm comparing myself to people who do 100 mocks, but that can't be normal, can it? No normal person who has a full life can do that. It's like the IIT entrance all over again. Anyway, I think that's not normal. Also, I'm a smart, intelligent, and articulate person. Any tech company would be lucky to have me. So I just need to demonstrate this to them. I have the basic frameworks down for everything, I just need to fill them out.

		 - To share the screen or not? I think it's fine to not share the screen, and then if it becomes helpful in between then to share. I'm fine with that.

		 - What else? I'm a little worried about Adobe peoples' reaction to me starting to take a bunch of random time off for interviews and things, but I have to manage that... it's ok. What's the literal worst case scenario? Saurabh and Meera will strongly suspect that I'm interviewing elsewhere, and they'll try not to assign super important projects to me. I doubt they'll put me on a PIP or anything. Shit needs to be pretty extreme for that to happen.

		 - Rukma was having some issues yesterday feeling drained because of the amount of strain I was putting on her with my interview prep and general planning woes. I think it's fair for her to feel this way. I have been offloading a lot of internal struggles and work onto her, just because she's there. I don't want to be taking her for granted. She's the most precious thing in my life. I need to be very careful. Definitely, lean on her when I need help with things, but don't overdo it. At the end of the day what matters (and this is what I told her yesterday as well) is that we both love each other very much, we feel secure and comfortable in each others' love, and we trust that we each are doing everything we can to help and support the other person. Given that foundation of trust, security, and love, nothing else matters.

		 - Is that true? Does nothing else matter? That's an exaggeration. I mean, other things can be worked out and solved. Because we will want to solve them. That's my point. Not that other thigns will magically resolve themselves, but that this foundation gives us the strength and security from which to solve problems together, as a team. 

		 - And what's been going on with me for the last two to three weeks? Have I been unusually mood-y? This would be consistent with what I heard from my parents and from Rohini when I went through the recruiting process at Yale... that it's something I have a little unhealthy relationship to and I put too much stress worrying about it. That's very possible. Why am I not realizing it at my own level? Shouldn't need exteranl intervention to make me realize. Have my moods been particularly down of late? Perhaps. Is there some way I can track them I wonder? Would that be helpful? If I gave each day a score of some sort regarding how I feel emotionally as well as how I'm thinking about the day? Or maybe I should do more check-ins with the emotion wheel? Wasn't there some app we used at Yale for this?

		 - DONE Mood / emotion check-ins through the day via app #[[Personal-Goals]]

		 - 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- [[Facebook PM Interview]] First round
	 - Execution
		 - Intro
			 - Ashu - PM for messaging under 18; PM at Instacart; recurring deliveries at Amazon

		 - Whiteboard
			 - Context
				 - FB Marketplace; buy / sell group; groups for buying / selling; interacting with posts; transaction happens outside faebook. 

			 - Goals and objectives
				 - Mission: 

				 - FB level 
					 - Engagement - Active; time spent 

				 - Marketplace - engagment

			 - User journey and actions
				 - Buyer - intenal
					 - Opens FB

					 - Click on Marketplace Tab

					 - Click group

					 - Search for a product

					 - Click on a product page

					 - VIew product

					 - Comment on product

					 - Message the seller

					 - Reactions

					 - Probability of sale

				 - Buyer - non-intentional
					 - See a marketplace / product in feed

					 - Shared marketplace post

					 - Click on that

				 - Sellers
					 - Click on Marketplace

					 - Click create listing

					 - Create the listing - uploading photos

					 - Recive engagement buyers

					 - Respond to buyers

					 - Share listing in groups, feed, private convers

			 - List metrics
				 - Acquisition
					 - Clicks on marketplace: daily / weekly users; percentage are click 

					 - Number of searches

					 - CTR for product

				 - Engagment
					 - Time spent on product page

					 - Reaction: number, percentage of users taht are reactign 

					 - Comments: conversion rate for commenting

					 - Number of share per product

					 - Conversion rate for messaging the seller

					 - Conversion rate for seller responding to the buyer

			 - Prioritize metrics
				 - Number of engagement 

			 - Disadnvates
				 - Doing nothing 

			 - Engineer on team - idea for product; engagement events per user
				 - Idea: PYMK; similar to this - Products you can buy; suggests products on sale

				 - Appears in news feeds; replace 

		 - Questions for interviewer
			 - Metrics
				 - Messaging for young people; what do we want the user to do?

				 - We want them to come and measure often. Messages sent on monthly / weekly basis. Do they have the right friends

				 - We want to be the daily case

			 - How to map features to metrics
				 - Never look at time spent or participation rate; look at long term retention

				 - Do a lot of experimentation and use research signals; mix of art and science; 

			 - Product lifecycle SLC
				 - Find north star metrics; tie features to north star metrics; Prove it out with experiments

	 - Product Sense
		 - Intro
			 - PM for 1+ yr; focused on FB app creation team - posting into the feed / stories / media editing / etc.; Previously Thumbtack; previously Gooogle / YT

		 - Whiteboard
			 - Context
				 - FB health team; focused on helping people find a doctor; brand new team; decide how to do it, and who to build for

			 - Goals
				 - FB Mission:

				 - Goal: Improve engagement 

				 - Constraint: Within FB app.

			 - Users
				 - Doctors

				 - Insurance providers

				 - Employers

				 - Patients
					 - General outpatient care - 

					 - Chronic conditions - mental health 

					 - Acute conditions 

			 - User needs
				 - Find providers

				 - Evaluate providers

				 - Verify trust and accuracy of provider information
					 - Social proof

					 - Reviews

				 - Communicate with the provider

				 - Schedule a trial

				 - Recieve the treatment / consultation 

				 - Share information - 

				 - Regular follow-ups scheduling

				 - Receiving prescriptions and medication

				 - Getting diagnostics and testing done

			 - Competition
				 - Insurers / employer

				 - Other platforms aggregatros 

				 - Word of mouth / friends and family

			 - Implementation plans
				 - Health like marketplaces

				 - Separate product

				 - Facebook Pages - healthcare providers

				 - Messages - 

				 - FB Groups 

			 - Feature ideas
				 - Filters for providder criteria 
					 - Type

					 - Geograph

					 - Likes / stars

					 - Friends

				 - Recommendation for providers

				 - Review system / star rating 

				 - Anonymity option 

				 - Communication - messaging

			 - FB Pages implementation

			 - FB Groups implementation
				 - Mine data for recommendations

				 - Recommend other pages or groups

				 - Recommend other people to connect with

			 - Prioritization, risks, trade-offs

			 - Implementation and MVP

	 - Ref
		 - [[PM Interview Cheat Sheet]]

		 - FB Mission: To give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebook to stay connected with friends and family, to discover what's going on in the world, and to share and express what matters to them.

- AEP custom dashboards with [[Kyle Karpack]] and [[Clark Kibler]]
	 - Clark - Responsible for B2B dashboard capabilities

	 - B2B use cases
		 - Replacement for "revenue explorer"; start with templates in Power BI and then go to PRISM. $20M ARR business on its own

	 - B2B Integration with
		 - B2B Connector landing in standard B2B schema

		 - Need to get all the data into Data Lake

	 - Next steps
		 - Bizible wants a Looker replacement

- [[QS-UPS]] meeting with [[John Anderson]] and [[Nate Ross]]
	 - What's the difference between Composition View and Query Model / Reporting Model

	 - John / Nate: POC on query service query model. 

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Custom dashboards - how to bring together back-end and front-end

	 - DONE #[[QS-UPS]] next steps #2021-W16
		 - Send email to Jigar / Anil on ARB and PPC dates

		 - SLC calendar update

		 - PPC deck kick-off - two threads for SQL prep and dashboard creation

		 - Meeting with Nichole on UX tomorrow - high level - outsource to Nichole

		 - Meeting with front end and back-end teams

		 - Set up a regular scrum

		 - Follow up with Bizible

		 - Follow up with Meera 

- [[Mock PM Interview]] with [[Prateek Batla]]
	 - Prateek interviews Nikhil
		 - Context
			 - Google enters furniture market

		 - Stragegy
			 - Customers
				 - Young professionals - Apartment

				 - Homeowners - home furniture

				 - Commercial 
					 - Offices

					 - Hotels

					 - Businesses

			 - Competition
				 - Residential - 
					 - Ikea and similar 

					 - COmmercial furniture

				 - Startups - 

			 - Company
				 - Organize worlds' information and make it accessible

		 - Product
			 - Goals

			 - User
				 - Tech enthusaist; google home and 

			 - User needs
				 - Want to optimize their health

				 - Undersgtand how furniture is impacting their health

				 - Smart home integration

				 - Health alerts

			 - Deep dive: health alerts
				 - User stories
					 - Collect data - various pressure, tempreate, 

					 - Correlate data to health outcomes - predictive model 

					 - Share reports and analytics with the user

					 - Smart alarm - 

					 - Sleep quality

				 - Design and wireframe
					 - Hardware 
						 - Sensors 

					 - Software
						 - Collect data and relate to health indicators

				 - MVP

		 - Feedback
			 - + Overall good

			 - - Ask more questions: clarify what 

			 - - Didn't bring back goals / objectives

	 - Nikhil interviews Prateek
		 - Whiteboard
			 - Goals
				 - Acquisition and engagement for FB health

			 - Why this makes sense
				 - COVID / virtual consultations

				 - Trust and verification of doctors

			 - Users
				 - Young professional

				 - People with young kids

				 - Teenagers / school / community health

			 - User needs: parents of young kids
				 - Find the right doctor

				 - Ease of scheduling

				 - Understand child's health through data

			 - Implementation
				 - Reviews for doctors

				 - Profiles for children

				 - Recommendations

		 - Feedback
			 - + Asking clarifying questions and clarifying goals: engagement

			 - - Why acquisition for health? Should connect to overall FB

			 - - Took too long describing user personas - were talking a lot about user needs; kids

			 - + Good user needs

			 - - Not enough user needs

			 - - Solutions not directly related to needs

			 - - General point: list all the solutions before talking about them

- DONE Follow up with DC team
