- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Today I'm journaling after quite some time. Well, I did journal around the beginning of when we moved to SD. Oh my god, it's been so lovely here in SD! I could live here forever. I think the main thing we're missing here is social life. We don't have too much of that in SD. But the weather is just so lovely. Last weekend we spent the entire Saturday just enjyoing the beach. And we're doing that again this weekend with Ro. And it's the middle of the frikkin winter. Who would have thought that this would be possible? Nowhere else can I think of in America with such nice weather. Maybe if more jobs become remote, people will want to move to SD more. That's my hypothesis.

		 - What do I want to do about my recruiting situation? 1 month should be plenty of time to prepare for interviews I think. At least for the first one. It shouldn't need more than that. So maybe I should respond to Google and let them know that I'm ready in 1 month? But what about FB then? Should I apply at the same time? Or should I do it later as a backup option? In case the Google thing doesn't work out and I need more practice? OK. Do I think I'll significantly improve between now and later in terms of interview performance? I'm not sure. I think 1 month is a decent amount of time. But I really need to prioritize this very highly. Ensure that I'm spending at least 2 hrs per day on some prep. And I need to finish the prep - note taking part of it, and start doing the practice part of it. This should have been the last week of note-taking, but I'm still stuck on it. What's left for note-taking? Finish the videos in Exponent, and review Decode and Conquer. Should I also get that Product Alliance course? It's like $350. Is it worth spending so much money? If I end up getting a new job with G/FB, then yes undoubtedly it will have been worth it. But if I don't? Then it's still not such a big deal I think. I would have spent a total of $500 on interview prep resources. Not the worst thing in the world.

		 - OK. So what needs deciding? Apply to FB now or later? Apply to G now or later? What would be my ideal time? March? I just wish I could apply whenever I felt ready, rather than feeling rushed... but I have a recruiter waiting on me, so I should start. Why do I feel I want more time? I want to prepare more. What more preparation could I do? I could do a few mock PM interviews and do more general preparation. But how much more preparation do I need? I need some amount of preparation. I think a month should be enough time to do it.

		 - So apply to FB as well? Yes, in a week or two. By the end of this month I should apply there as well. So what am I going to ask the Google Recruiter? Can I get back to you by the end of this month? Can I get back to you by Jan 31 with my updated resume and some scheduling options targeting mid Feb? Is that OK? That's a good way to approach I think.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- DONE Meera slide feedback updates
	 - AEP Vision slide
		 - Left side
			 - CJA

			 - AI/ML

			 - AEP Dashboards

		 - Right side
			 - Segment

			 - Profile

		 - Change bottom portion
			 - Add picture of ID graph and show unity

			 - Remove collection

		 - Other
			 - - “highest degree of consistency at time t for a given identity algorithm

	 - GTM
		 - Decrease the price of AEP Intel

	 - DONE Intel service customer list

- [[QS-UPS]] meeting with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]], [[PK]], [[John Anderson]], [[Anil Malkani]], [[Nichole G]]
	 - AEP Dashboards example
		 - Common ID column + join

		 - May be view or materialized

	 - Going forward
		 - Standardize on omnichannel dataset schema / view

		 - Can the views be re-used?

		 - Omnichanel event composer

	 - Pattern slide
		 - 1 ID graph

	 - DONE ID questions for pong / freestone
		 - What are the configurations for ID graph?

		 - What is the "common ID"?

		 - Can we have multiple ID graphs?
