- Meet w [[Amanpreet Kang]], [[Misha Arora]]
	 - Provisional conversion CoD

	 - DONE Prioritize Q1 items - which do we want to start with? #[[LM-Mobile]] #2021-W43 [[October 26th, 2021]]

	 - DONE Verify analytics for Oct release #2021-W44 #[[LM-Mobile]] [[November 4th, 2021]] [[November 5th, 2021]]

- GTD
	 - DONE Garage smart bulbs

	 - DONE Celebrating the first anniversary of our epic two year long pandemic wedding saga!

	 - DONE Update resume #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W43 [[October 27th, 2021]]
		 - Launched AEP'S data preparation capability from scratch: discovered and validates user needs via qualitative and quantitative user research; pitched and secured buy-in and resourcing from executive leadership; ideated and developed with design and eng xfn teams; iterated based on customer feedback. Launched MVP. Then iterated more. Result? Revenue, usage, etc.

	 - DONE CeraVe spf

	 - DONE Hot tub research and buy #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] 

	 - DONE Teladoc amazon pharmacy #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W43 [[October 27th, 2021]]

	 - DONE Chromecast - get from hotel #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #Waiting #2022-W1
		 - Hi, my wife (Rukma Sen) and I stayed at your property this weekend (10/22 - 10/24) in room 1120, and we accidentally left behind our Chromecast device and charger (we left it connected to the TV in the room). Would it be possible to get the item mailed to our home address? Thanks very much in advance for your consideration, and apologies for any inconvenience caused.

		 - Called on Friday afternoon and spoke to assistant manager Shane; he said someone else might be claiming this

		 - Call back in first week of January

	 - DONE Apple TV

	 - DONE Lysol

	 - DONE Set up Roam for Y2022 #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W44

	 - DONE Reschedule LM sync #[[LM-misc]] #2021-W44 [[November 3rd, 2021]]

- 1-1 w [[Tianyuan Cai]]
	 - Additional things to look at - different types of users

	 - Change in new entitlements

	 - Time series models - like linear regression, but adds time as an element

- Ask for DX wiki
	 - Hi team! Is there a wiki where I can learn about analytics for DX? I can see several DX events in Adobe Analtyics (some examples below), but I'd like to understand the definitions in more detail. Thank you! :) 
(e.g. Workflow:Dynamic View:DX:Construct:Table:Interacted, Workflow:Dynamic View:DX:Construct:Table:Exists, Workflow:Dynamic View:DX:Module:Table:Shown, etc.)

- [[micro-journal]]
	 - Listening to the MIndbloom soundtrack from journey 4. Starting with the gratitude quote from SH. Use gratitude to transform your mood. Think about losing everything, and then be restored to the moment you'r enow in. This helps reboot your mind.

	 - There are at least a billion people who would considere all their prayers answered if they could trade places with me; I am very lucky in my life; I get another day to live on this earth; I will enjoy it

	 - Now entering the dreamscape. Think of the journey of me going into the dream land.

	 - His friends were all around him. His two close friends Piyush and Monika. And his wife was beside him. They knew they awere sending him away into a dream world. They knew this journey would be dangerous. But they knew that this journey had transformative power, and that it would ultimately improve his life. In the journey, he woudl confront demons and hopefully emerge victorious.

	 - In the knowledge of this, they light a candle. The are all sitting on large lotus leaves. Rukma ligths a candle, and suddenly everything else is dark except for the candle. It's a dark room. Only the candlelight is illuminating. There's another soft glow starting to emerge from a blue portal in front of Nikhil. They start meditating with eyes closed. All direct their atteni\tion towards the portal, and wish it to become stronger. At the beginning the portal light is veyr faint. It's barefly visible. Like a light mist or a light fog. Then, as they keep meditating on it, the portal light grows brighter and brighter. As their attention wanders from it, it grows fainter again. It goes in patterns of strength and weakness. Brightening and fading. Progressively in cycles. Then the start breathing in unison. One with the inbreath and one with the outbreath. The in-breaths and out-breaths are synhcronized. This gives even more strength to the portal. Finally the portal is strong enough that Nikhil is able to open his eyes. He gently opens his eyes, attention still dedicated to the portal. He can see the threads of attention that the others areddirecting to the portal. Visible but not fully visible. This enables him to gain the confience needed to enter the portal. Then, he enters the portal, and music fills his ears. He is enveloped in a shroud of darkness. He can't see anything and he ca't feel anything. It's like he's on a flotation tank, but without the motor skills needed too feel anything. He starts hearing some atmospheric music; the music fills his senses. Then, he emerges.

	 - 

- 1-1 w [[Ankita Sharma]] for [[1-1-connections]]
	 - Ankita will schedule follow-up

	 - I'd like to learn more about analytics consulting - that's her background

- 1-1 [[Randy Swineford]]
	 - Agenda
		 - How to create segments for high-usage users? 
			 - Need to estimate next year's auto-open user base.

			 - Need to investigate behavior of high usage cohort vs. low usage / non-LM cohort for LM business case 

		 - Randy's LM cohort definition is not correct - undercounting LM Enter

		 - Mapping of Randy - Nikhil  segments

	 - Notes
		 - Put evar all the way back in time

	 - DONE Update Randy analytics #[[LM-Metrics]] #2021-W44 [[November 3rd, 2021]]
		 - Create unified straeming + CoD dashboard pipeline

		 - All updates failed - After LM enter? Investigate w Amanpreet

- [[Therapy]] with [[Tucker Peck]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Spirit tech

		 - Inability to know what I want - what do I want to eat / watch / do / etc.

		 - Lack of purpose in life and work / lack of passion

		 - Check in with the frustrated voice

	 - Fantasy fest in Key West, FL - like burning man party

	 - Recognize when I'm criticizing Rukma
		 - She should let me know when I'm criticizing her - code word

		 - I need to develop a lot of awareness of when I'm doing this - become more mindful of it.

	 - Exposure therapy
		 - When I notice something making me uncomfortable, just sit with it; imagine this is what my whole life is like

	 - DONE Add items from this meeting to daily journal #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-Q4

	 - Neurofeedback devices
		 - Mood ring

		 - Muse - try it out

	 - Not knowing what I want
		 - Rational distinctions will feel in my head

		 - Emotional distinctions felt near chest

		 - Vedana - personal valence of my reactions / preferences - think extremes of sensations - most pleasing vs. most distusting of different options; and try to notice sensations

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - DONE Holiday schedule email to Judy

	 - Do I anticipate any emotional talks or significance of the wedding?

	 - Emotional distance with my parents - do I want to work on that? I'm not motivated to do that.

	 - In what way if any do my parents try to ensure that the wedding is of personal significance to me?

	 - Distance from my culture, and distance from my parents, and distance from myself; alienation

	 - Why do I have this alienation from my culture, festivals, rituals, parents, etc.? Connection between me, my parents, and my culture wasn't built strongly.

	 - Why wasn't this connection built? To be continued... 

	 - ASIDE: Antrhopologist Phillip Rieff - we're in the middle of cultural wars between western monotheism, modern scientism, pre-modern cultures.

- Sangeet invite list w 
	 - Rajshekar / somshekhar

	 - DONE Holiday booking in India
