- GTD
	 - DONE Sandals #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]
		 - E.g. https://www2.hm.com/en_us/productpage.0631961006.html

	 - DONE Zillow - merge accounts #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - DONE Alfred bookmarks too many! #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

- 1-1 [[Hazem Zmeili]]
	 - Wants to join Saurabh's QS PM team

	 - I gave him some candid feedback on the product and team

- 1-1 [[Jane Vu]]

- 1-1 [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Joao update

		 - LM dashboard

	 - DONE Joao survey - feedback
		 - Which email will the survey go out from?

		 - Will there be any incentives to?

		 - Wording of survey questions
			 - Developers should ask about their end customers

	 - DONE Analytics feedback
		 - MAU - maybe use WAU instead

		 - Files viewed - 

		 - Conversion % - num succesful occurences of conversion / num succesful taps

- 1-1 [[Pallav Vyas]]
	 - Separation of internal builds vs public builds

	 - Dashboard to create
		 - 8 component times 

		 - after tap - cumulative 

- 1-1 [[Saloni Shukla]]
	 - About
		 - Used to report to Dawn Murai who was head of all PMM for Acrobat (now Dawn is cut down to Acrobat Web only)

		 - Saloni focused on mobile growth - how to improve engagement and retention for Acrobat mobile

		 - What are the behaviors that drive increased engagement and retention?

		 - Todd Gerber - focused on business strategy for DC; Keith Rabkin focused on driving engagement, retention, monetization; Saloni part of Keith's org

	 - Mobile health metrics
		 - What are the indicators of return usage?

		 - Saloni worked with Sumit to understand 

	 - Campaigns
		 - Saolni works on campaigns to drive metrics.

		 - Saloni working on free user onboarding campaign - including LM

		 - If people are low on engagement, they will get a LM notification / Push Notification

	 - Areas to live in SF
		 - Hills over valleys

		 - Russian Hill

		 - Potrero Hill

		 - Pacific Heights

	 - DONE Get deck from Saloni

- DONE Message to [[Mom]] #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W28
	 - Hi Mom. I love you too, and I'm also sorry for making you feel like your contributions

	 - My main concern is this: I feel that over the years we've developed a habit of keeping things that are bothering us in our relationship to ourselves

	 - I know that I definitely do this and I suspect that you do too (though I can't be sure).

	 - Whether or not we can  

- [[Therapy]] with [[Tucker Peck]]
	 - Agenda
		 - OCPD and Rukma
			 - turning the key - can't let things go

		 - Meditation
			 - Feels relaxing

			 - Struggle with emotions

			 - Should I try noting?

		 - ADD diagnosis?

	 - ADD stuff
		 - Meditate more

		 - Neural feedback - EEG; look for a neural feedback practitioner - try sanjay.manchanda1@gmail.com

		 - DONE ADD medication - need to talk to a psychiatrist #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W26

	 - Meditation
		 - Why I suck? Lack of attention skills; lack of emotional awareness

		 - Ways forward
			 - Leverage strenghts other than attention

			 - Develop emotional awarness

		 - Tip: look for outfit gradation; how do clothes feel different?

	 - OCPD
		 - I need to expose myself to this feeling of "wrongness"; don't make it go away; get curious about this feeling

	 - HW
		 - Look for sensation gradation in body scan

		 - When noticing the OCPD feelings - just feel; don't do anything about it.

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Conversations with mom

	 - Wedding planning issues with mom and history of relationship with mom

	 - Mom decided to stop pushing me at some point and distanced

	 - One question to ask mom: how much like my dad am I?

	 - My mom has a history of relationships with men who are distant - her father, husband, son; as a result she feels she doesn't get emotional support, and feels like she should shut up; also feels like she doesn't get enough credit

	 - Questions to ask mom
		 - Why are we not closer?

		 - Are you happy with where our relationship is? 

		 - Are you close with dad? I feel I'm not close with him either.
