- Inbox
	 - DONE Scope lm-feedback updates #[[LM-Mobile]] #2022-W6

	 - DONE Buy curtains for mounting

	 - DONE Rent - recurring reminder #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W31 [[August 1st, 2022]]

- 1-1 w [[Tianyuan Cai]]
	 - DONE RM vs LM
		 - Experiment to prompt RM users to go to LM
			 - Try LM

			 - Maybe later

			 - Never prompt me again

			 - Give feedback

			 - Put users in a cohort (those who were exposed to LM from RM) then see what is their usage

		 - DONE Ask Aditya Lakshmi / Craig Scull about how to do a user survey for people who use RM

- 1-1 w [[Randy Swineford]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Last 1-1

		 - RM vs LM

		 - LM MAU% growth

		 - Email announcement

	 - DONE Send Randy dashboard info and Matthew link #[[LM-misc]] #2021-W48 [[November 30th, 2021]]

	 - 

- [[WoT Podcast]] s01e01
	 - Leavetaking

	 - 1 prologue
		 - Breaking of the world. Alternative to book prologue.

	 - 2
		 - Aes Sedai of the red Aja

		 - Angry women in red dresses chase down schizophrenic guy

		 - Start seeing gender divisions in wheel of Time. Distinguishing feature.

		 - Moiraine says we need to go two rivers to meet four taveran.

	 - 3 opening credits
		 - Don't get full version here.

	 - 4 two rivers
		 - Egwene becoming a woman, signified by the braid. Nynaeve leading. Rand and his father. Mat, most charming of the characters. Perrin with a wife. What's wrong with her?

		 - Moiraine and Lan make a dramatic entrance. Flashing to different characters night before beltine.

		 - Moiraine and Lan - either they have a sexual relationship, or they just have a different culture around nudity and sexual behavior.

		 - Rand starts to sulk as he realizes egwene may become a wisdom with no family.

		 - Finally we see a strange character - a fade.

	 - 5 beltine morning.
		 - We see a scene reminsexent of gandapf riding into hobbiton. 

		 - Find out mat is a thief. 

		 - Find out why nynaeve hates aes Sedai. 

		 - We see an extremely creepy scene of land discovering slaughtered lambs.

	 - 6 lantern ceremony and beltine evening
		 - Suddenly trollocs attack.

		 - Padan fein casually smiles and walks away while these creatures are terrorizing the entire town.  

		 - Tam is a badass swordsman. A blade master.

		 - Perrin is an axe master. We see him go into a murderous rage as he pounds the axe into the trolloc. That's when he accidentally kills his wife. His wife. Who doesn't exist in the books. Who only seems to exist to provide some backstory for Perrin here.

		 - For the first time we see moiraine's power. This is a badass moment. But it's weird that she destorys a building.

	 - 7 post battle
		 - The prophecy of the dragon. 4 of them blindly follow. Counter to Jordan's own vision which he explains in his interviews. "you're coming with me" says moiraine, and in the next scene they're off.

		 - Closing quote is of course a favorite. "the wheel of time turbs..."

	 - General
		 - Moving too fast. Want more time in the two rivers.

		 - Two rivers is a very multicultural society. That's odd for such a small town.
