- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - What would I like to clean out of my life? This prompt comes from our Spring ritual that Rukma is devising. It's the witch part of our witch and CEO routines. I think next week we will celebrate Holi and use this as one of the components.

		 - How do I think about what I want to clean out of my life? How do I first make an inventory of things in my life that can be cleaned out? Let me do a brain dump. I'm guessing this refers to demands on my attention. Nothing else is really worth thinking about cleaning... physical possessions maybe, but it's really not such a big deal at all. So I'll think about demands on my attention.

		 - Demands on my attention
			 - Rukma

			 - Therapy and self improvement

			 - Recruiting

			 - Adobe work

			 - Exercise and running

			 - Parents

			 - Friends and family

			 - Making progress on goals

			 - EC projects

			 - Housekeeping work

			 - Inessential personal tasks

			 - Distractions - Reddit, phone in general

			 - Negative thoughts and anxiety

		 - Which of the above are things that I want to get rid of? I don't want to have so many demands on my life and attention. I'm starting a family now, and if anything I need to clean out things so that I can make room for that. How do I order the list? By most to least important?

		 - What are some things that definitely need to be cleaned out? Redditting on mobile, not healthy. Maybe get rid of it. Why did I re-download the application? It's of no use. I can read more books and articles if I need something to read. Also, negative thoughts and anxiety, but that's not something to get rid of. What else can I get rid of? 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- [[Mock PM Interview]], Self, Robot vacuum, {{POMO  10}}
	 - Goals
		 - Improve engagement

	 - Users
		 - Apartment residents
			 - E.g. young couple; recent college grads

		 - Suburban house residents
			 - E.g. middle aged family with kids

		 - Tech enthusiasts

		 - Homemaker

		 - Busy professional

	 - User needs
		 - I need my apartment to be clean

		 - I need to spend as little time as possible on cleaning

		 - I need to be aware of areas that are not clean / could not be cleaned

		 - I need to protect sensitive areas (e.g. wires / someone else's room)

		 - I want to start cleaning easily

	 - Industry trends
		 - AI/ML

		 - Personalization

	 - Product ideas
		 - Ability to suggest cleaning (e.g. notices that Friday evenings are normal - push notification to run), M, L

		 - Mopping in addition to vacuuming

		 - Self-cleaning function

		 - Reminders to self-clean

		 - Learn not to get stuck (learn from experience)

		 - Automated cleaning routines

		 - Daily / weekly alerts or reports of what went wrong

		 - Ability to draw boundaries

		 - Ability to learn boundaries (e.g. I keep pushing it away from area)

		 - Take photos of areas to be cleaned

		 - Integration with professional cleaning service - daily robot vac, plus weekly / bi-weekly professional

	 - Deep dive: cleaning suggest
		 - User stories
			 - Send push notification when it is likely that the user wants to clean / spot clean

			 - One-click accept of push notification

			 - Auto accept all / auto reject all notifications option

	 - 

- [[Mock PM Interview]], Self, strategy Google vs. MS, {{POMO  10}}
	 - Products
		 - Azure cloud

		 - Office / Teams

		 - Windows

		 - Surface devices

		 - Hololens / AR

	 - Customers
		 - Large enterprise

		 - Medium

		 - Small

	 - Company
		 - Competition for talent

	 - Potential concerns
		 - GCP vs. Azure

		 - G-Suite vs. Office

		 - Surface devices vs. Pixel devices

		 - Windows vs. Chrome OS

		 - AR

		 - Competition for talent

	 - 

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - DONE Custom dashboards feedback

	 - DONE Training feedback
		 - Saurabh - Dashboards first then SQL Interactive

		 - Use case slides - update

		 - Link to SQL scripts; link to Wouter tutorial

- Surface Headphones issues - "sorry I couldn't connect. Make sure the Cortana app is set up.

- 1-1 with [[Randy Swineford]] on [[DC AI PM Interview]]
	 - What factors are import to me in shaping company culture
		 - Openness and transparency

		 - 

	 - My personal success factors

	 - Misconceptions
		 - Argumentative

		 - Not good at change

	 - Frustration with job

	 - Things I thrive at
		 - Brainstorming / building something

	 - Career path

	 - Questions for interviewer
		 - About the role
			 - Team structure
				 - Adobe Sign

				 - Acrobat

				 - DC Platform

			 - Our team works across all three above

			 - Own dedicated eng team

			 - Developed Liquid mode

			 - Colorado - back end of Liquid mode

			 - LOng development cycle - no process really

		 - Metrics
			 - MAU is the driver - drives acquisition and retention

- Call with [[Geico]]
	 - Krista said they first need to determine

- [[Mock PM Interview]] [[Google PM Interview]] with [[Race Wright]]
	 - PM good vs. great

	 - Whiteboard
		 - Context
			 - PM for IRS

			 - Presenting to: Janet Yellen, Treasury secretary; working on "Do not audit button"

		 - Goal
			 - Honest vs. dishonest people; IRS wants to discover dishonest people

			 - Reduce dishonesty

		 - Users
			 - Honest people

			 - Dishonest people

		 - User needs
			 - I wanna have a simple / smooth tax filing expereince

			 - I want to reduce uncertainty  

			 - I want it to be user-friendly

			 - I want to make sure I'm not paying more tax

			 - I want transparency

		 - Product ideas
			 - Screening

		 - Pricing strategy
			 - Price floor = 

	 - Feedback
		 - Self feedback

		 - Race feedback
			 - Structure: A+
				 - Talked through problem well; pulled at the right strings; incentives / deterrents 

				 - Good at defining users and user needs

			 - UX design: Not good
				 - Did not design the UX and wireframe

				 - Go deep into the UX

		 - Tips
			 - Always structure and framework - useful for HC

			 - 1-3-3 method: 
				 - 1 - Pull out north star; e.g. revenue

				 - 3 strategies to reach north start

				 - 3 tactics for each strategy

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Amsterdam - transition from philosophy to industry; co-incide with transition to organized

	 - Reasons for leaving academia - practical considerations, lack of particular passion, lack of work ethic

	 - Probably went through some kind of crisis; realized that I didn't have a work ethic; then went in the other extreme direction

	 - My idea of a profession broke apart - crisis;

	 - Do I have ADHD?

	 - Maybe ADHD... that's perhaps why I struggled so much with meditation;

	 - Mind wandering = spontenaity; maybe this is why I have trouble with spontenaity?

	 - I have a strong sense of self-negation; that is a strong characteristic of who I am

	 - I'm driven by caution and risk aversion; I make decisions based on pragmatism rather than passion

	 - Next session / homework: psychotherapy journal

- DONE Goals: score for how well a day / week went #[[Personal-Goals]]
