- GTD
	 - DONE Hilary Airbnb review #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W10
		 - OVERALL: 4/5 stars. PROS: (1) Fantastic location. (2) Beautiful and well designed apartment. CONS: (1) Ants will swarm into the apartment if you leave yummy food out. (2) The host made me feel unwelcome by telling me "this is not a hotel" and "Airbnb guests are so difficult to deal with compared to my other tenants" in response to some issues I brought to her attention (e.g. ants in the apartment / minor issues with the fridge). Luckily our issues were fairly minor, and we had an otherwise very pleasant stay for two months!

	 - DONE Yes Minister #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Hair conditioner #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Rukma birthday plan #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W12 [[March 26th, 2021]]
		 - Order iPhone + case (wallet case or regular?): 805-560-1500

		 - Order cake: https://www.thelittlethingsbakerysb.com/

		 - Cooking

		 - 

	 - DONE Food scale #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE key wallet holder #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Ping Marissa Mendoza and explore Adobe roles: https://wd5.myworkday.com/adobe/d/inst/15$151693/9925$80881.htmld

- Current AEP projects
	 - Omnichannel Insights on AEP

	 - SMB Unified View (DDOM) on AEP

	 - AEP Data Feeds

	 - DULE with Skybridge

	 - Metering and Cost Governance

	 - Entitlements Reporting

	 - Query Service UI Enhancements

	 - CJA integration

	 - Collateral

- SQL Prep for LASA with [[Kevin Foster]], [[John Anderson]], [[Nate Ross]], [[Rahul Mittra]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Team to present to Kevin and get feedback

	 - Kevin Feedback
		 - Use IDs for joining

- AEP Stitching with [[Anand Dantu]]
	 - ID stitching use cases:
		 - Use case: tie different datasets together. 
			 - IS requirements; Verizon - Can they use AAM data and AA data together?

			 - AAM and AA have different ID namespaces

		 - Use case: merge multiple report suites within AA

	 - Metering and monitoring is needed

	 - QS use cases for IS customers
		 - Data landing validation - ad-hoc queries

		 - Data prep and download reports / BI connector

	 - DONE Follow up wiki #[[QS-misc]]

- Roadmap review with [[Anil Malkani]], [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - DONE Globalization - ask Klaasjan / Enterprise Readiness  https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PLAT-50293

- Omnichannel Events Project: Weekly Review [[John Anderson]], [[Rahul Mittra]], [[Nate Ross]]
	 - DONE Follow-up meeting with Kevin
		 - Why do they need orchestration?

		 - Why are they materializing the datasets?

	 - 

- QS metrics
	 - Hi, can anyone help me understand the difference between "Session Duration" and "Total Query duration (msec)" in this Grafana Dashboard? Thanks! :) 

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Agenda
		 - DONE Ares - SQL product meeting schedule #[[QS-misc]] #2021-W9

	 - DONE Costing for UIS - ask Brian Pong - work through architecture and cost model; factors: refresh frequency, number of profiles

	 - 

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - [The Sum of Us](https://www.amazon.com/Sum-Us-Everyone-Prosper-Together-ebook/dp/B0871KZQ3G/ref=sr_1_1?crid=JB3D6YJF77FT&dchild=1&keywords=the+sum+of+us+heather+mcghee&linkCode=sl2&linkId=81bba685fb6cc5fa2e6a487b8ae89161&qid=1614652393&sprefix=mcghee%2Caps%2C207&sr=8-1&tag=mainacademicsite-20)

	 - Side track discussion on America and my identity, my career goals, where I am in life

	 - 
