- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - This morning I ran, and then I worked through some of the Unwinding Anxiety exercises, including a short meditation, and now I'm journaling. It's been a good morning overall!

		 - How's the UA application going? I'm liking it a lot. It's a much gentler introduction or re-introduction to meditation. Moreover, it focuses on the micro-hits or awareness throughout the day portion of things rather than focusing intensely on sitting practice. Maybe this is in fact a better place to start, because being mindless throughout the day while having a strong sitting practice (or trying to) may not be the best appraoch. 

		 - I like the theory that it presents, and I also like the check-ins and exercises that it encourages. I want to do the check in every morning and evening plus at two random times through the day. Check in and be mindful for 1-2 minutes. And I want to do the morning lessons. Or the lessons can also be in the evening. Those things can be separate. Yeah, actually the videos can go in either spot, morning or evening. 

		 - Then in the morning I'd like to do a bodily meditation exercise, where the goal is to get more in touch with the body rather than just concentration practice. 

		 - I'm also meeting with Tucker today to try out therapy. It may be good for me to use this as an opportunity to try to summarize issues I'm currently having and what I want to work on. Let me try that here.

		 - How would I list the issues I'm working through? Let's try. My current [[Therapy]] issues
			 - OCD - I'm obsessed with trying to order things around me. Both my physical world (how things are arranged in closets, counters, etc.) as well as my digital world (how my files, task list, etc. are arranged) as well as my daily routines. There is a perfectionism and when it goes off it often makes me upset.

			 - Mood disorder - I often get into an irritable and depressive mood without understanding it. E.g. last week I wanted to get ice cream, but I couldn't decide where to get it, and became very upset. Or when I just take a wrong turn on the freeway I get very upset.

			 - Self-criticism and inner conflict - I have a strong inner conflict between a part of me that has perfectionist tendencies and high standards and another part of me that wants to rebel against those standards. E.g. part of me will set lofty goals for myself and then constantly beat myself up for not achieving them.

			 - Lack of understanding of my emotions and feelings - I live very much in my thoughts in my head, and I don't / can't listen to my emotions and feelings.

			 - Lack of play and organic motivation - I need to artificially motivate myself to do things, by making goals and task lists. I'm not finding organic motivation in almost anything. 

		 - OK. Start with the above list of topics and take it from there.

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- [[QS-UPS]] meeting with [[John Anderson]]

- 1-1 with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Custom dashboards

		 - Transition plans

	 - DONE UPS updates
		 - Add architecture for UIS

		 - Split ARB into two parts

		 - Meet with Trung 1-1, then with John and Trung

		 - Meet with Nichole

	 - DONE Transition plans
		 - Put transition plan in a wiki

		 - Separate page for customers
			 - Key issues

			 - Last update

			 - Expectations

			 - Links to presentations

- 1-1 with [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - CJA / FBS project is paused

	 - 

- [[Therapy]] with [[Tucker Peck]]
	 - Admin
		 - GRP: 660819-016-00001

		 - ID W2539-74799

	 - Introduced Tucker to the issues I'm struggling with

	 - Discussed approach: Goal is to solve the problem and not continue Therapy forever.

	 - 
