- GTD
	 - DONE Meet with Matt colon, Anil on scheduler #[[QS-misc]] #2021-W14 [[April 6th, 2021]]

	 - DONE Change password #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2021-W14 [[April 6th, 2021]]

	 - DONE Meet with Asa #[[QS-DDOM]]

	 - DONE Submit jeremy superbills #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - DONE Call Geico and review Claire #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W14 [[April 6th, 2021]]

	 - DONE Joe taxes #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W15

	 - DONE #Austin House moving #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]
		 - Moved stuff from monitor desk into left hand side glass cupboard.

		 - Open shelf to right of stove. Move to guest room dresser top.

	 - DONE Apple watch add credit cards and sync sleep data #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W14

	 - DONE https://youtube.com/watch?v=sBtuqpNZwio&feature=share Naval - Kapil Gupta #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

- Call with [[Betterment]]
	 - Why is there $79 left in my general investing account?
		 - Dividend came later. It will be taken care of.

	 - What are the ways I can fund my joint account? Link external account?

	 - Next steps on transfer plan? Lot of volatility in ADBE.
		 - SCHB first transfer - hold on Betterment end, then initiate wire transfer. I don't need to interact with Schwab. 

		 - Sell and then wire transfer.

		 - Alternative: link through bank account

- DONE Just 30 mins meeting to Query eng and Prism teams on business success & momentum -- Presenters: Saurabh & Nikhil - slide on 

- [[MBAs at Adobe - community conversations]]
	 - DONE Immersive Van Gogh - film of his paintings #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

- [[Bradshaw Rovens]] advice on hiring and sales
	 - Ask for what are the qualities they are looking for. Try to find out the selection criteria.

	 - Nested close - 
		 - At the beginning of call - ask for criteria for a fit; what are the main success criteria for someone in this role?

		 - ask for a fit; based on our conversation, I think I'm a fit... 

		 - Show your eagerness - show that you really want it at the end

		 - Ask for the job on the call - "can I have your support for my candidacy"

		 - "If nothing else changes, 

		 - 'Can I have your support for my candidacy moving forward? Based on what we've talked about, if nothing else changes, am I somebody you could say yes for this position?'

		 - "Can I have your personal support for my candidacy"?

	 - Books recommended
		 - How to win friends and influence people

- Call with recruiter [[Krupa Doshi]] on [[Facebook PM Interview]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Can we schedule next week?

		 - Allocated vs. Boot-camp

		 - What if I don't clear the AI round?

		 - What are the criteria for the leadership and drive round?

	 - Generalist - advantages
		 - Generalist is better for timeline crunch

		 - Team matching can be before or after joining FB

	 - Allocated - advantages
		 - Want a niche domain - and want to stay in that domain

		 - Don't want the ambiguity of unknown hiring manager

	 - Interview logistics
		 - Batch days - open from Wed to Fri

		 - Block 12-4pm - 4 interviews
			 - Product Sense

			 - Execution

			 - Leadership and Drive

			 - Repetition of one of the above

	 - My Deloitte experience - is it PM or is it related?
		 - I said it's similar, but not exactly PM

	 - Next steps
		 - Interview - April 16

		 - HC - April 21

	 - Leveling
		 - Not hiring IC4 for generalist path

		 - I need to get leveled at IC5 or above

		 - HC will suggest my level

	 - 2nd round interview
		 - PS & Exec - higher expectations; want me to come up with solution on my own without help

		 - Leadership and drive - this is more important, because I wasn't tested on this in first round.

	 - L&D interview
		 - 4 areas
			 - Introspection: strengths and weaknesses; e.g. when were you aware of a problem but not able to resolve it? tell me about a time you failed?
				 - CA Rejection

			 - Ownership: resolving conflicts and preventing failures; e.g. when your team wasn't working well and you overcame that challenge? e.g. when you resolved a conflict.
				 - Deloitte STEP

			 - Empathy: adjusting leadership and collaboration style to different situations and personalities; e.g. you wanted to build a product but eng was not up to it, how did you influence them.

			 - Grit and scrappiness: e.g. you had an idea that was not on the roadmap, how did you convince leadership?
				 - Cost model story

				 - Less resources but got things done

	 - First round feedback
		 - PS - generated wide range of solutions, but initially overly focused on one solution, but then I got a hint and expanded my horizon

		 - 
