- [[Mock PM Interview]] self, strategy, Amazon display ads - pros and cons
	 - Goals and objectives
		 - Mission: Our mission is to continually raise the bar of the customer experience by using the internet and technology to help consumers find, discover and buy anything, and empower businesses and content creators to maximise their success. We aim to be Earth's most customer centric company.

		 - Display advertising: allow anyone to publish banner ads for specific search terms and demographics

		 - Specific goals? Revenue?

	 - Pros
		 - Business: Brings in advertising revenue (not clear whether it increases total revenue)

		 - Customers (shoppers): Shows relevant content (?)

		 - Marketplace sellers: ?

	 - Cons
		 - Customers (shoppers): Detracts from the shopping experience; takes focus elsewhere

		 - Business: May lead to decrease in shopping revenue (may be offset by advertising revenue)

		 - Marketplace sellers: Decrease in number of sales

	 - Alternative idea: Product advertisements
		 - Pros
			 - Does not distract customers from shopping experience

			 - May increase total number of sales

		 - Cons
			 - Wrong products may be promoted; decrease in customer satisfaction

- [[Mock PM Interview]] self, strategy, Amazon sell oven mits vs. oven
	 - {{[[table]]}}
		 - Consideration
			 - Oven Mit
				 - Oven
					 - Winner

		 - Market attractiveness
			 - Market size = # households x oven purchases * price = 100M * (1/25) * 1000 = 4B
				 - Market size = # households x oven mitt purchases * price = 100M * (1/2) * 10 = 0.5B
					 - Oven

		 - Competition
			 - Commodity product
				 - Appliance
					 - Oven Mit

		 - Company capabilities
			 - Easy fulfillment
				 - Complex fulfillment
					 - Oven mitt

		 - Strategic alignment

		 - Overall

- DONE Update QS adoption engagement excel #[[QS-Metrics]] #2021-W6

- Call with [[Aetna]] how to submit claims
	 - Deductible
		 - In network: $1400

		 - Out of network: $2800 (inclusive of the 1400)

	 - Provider should generate superbill
		 - Therapist info
			 - Name

			 - Tax

			 - NPI number

			 - Diagnosis code

			 - CPT code

			 - How much I paid

	 - Submission options
		 - Submit directly by mail
			 - To address listed on back of card: El Paso, TX

		 - Fax
			 - 859-455-8650

		 - Online
			 - Aetna.com

			 - Message center

			 - New message

			 - Claim

			 - Upload

- CJA customers who need Data Prep
	 - Can we include FBS?

	 - Customers list
		 - Home Depot

		 - Best Buy

- [[Mock PM Interview]] self, estimation, Spotify CAC and LTV
	 - Goals
		 - Estimate CAC and LTV of Spotify customers

	 - LTV
		 - LTV = Annual Value * Number of years = $900

		 - Number of years = 10

		 - Annual value = subscription price * profit margin = $100 * 90% = $90

		 - Profit = revenue - cost 

		 - Cost = fixed + variable
			 - Variable: royalty

			 - Fixed: FTE, infrastructure

	 - CAC
		 - 

	 - Spotify revenue
		 - Subscription

		 - Advertisement?

- [[QS-UPS]] CA with [[Jim Rivera]], [[Meera Srinivasan]], [[Dave Weinstein]], [[Shiv Vaithyan]]
	 - Dave W - Federated queries

	 - Customers have to think about this at ingestion stage

	 - Jim: Lot of value, but lot of cost

	 - GTM
		 - Joint customers of CDP and Analytics

		 - For CJA only customers - 

	 - Meeting notes
		 - Customer demand and requirements
			 - Acknowledged the need for customers to unify and process behavioral data from multiple channels, in order to empower insights use cases such as Dashboards, Data Science, Intelligent Services, CJA, etc.

		 - Implementation and architecture
			 - Various implementation options (e.g. Data Lake, Profile, Atlas, etc.) will be reviewed by the Architecture Review Board prior to PPC planning.

		 - GTM
			 - Need to align on a strategy for monetization of Identity Service for non-Profile enabled SKUs.

			 - Need to identify the various up-sell and cross-sell motions between non-Profile and Profile SKUs.

		 - Next steps and action items
			 - CA approval is contingent upon GTM alignment. Meera to schedule follow-on discussion with the group to align on GTM.

		 - Meeting recording
			 - https://bluejeans.com/s/WRocaVhKcX6/
