- DONE Respond to Rahul Mittra

- 1-1 with [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - Agenda

- [KPN] Query Service UI is much slower than CLI with [[Ryan Wilkes]], [[Anil Malkani]], [[Jeff Day]]
	 - User pain point
		 - When a user launches the Query Editor and runs the first query, it is often slow to return a result. 

		 - Nikhil tested this at today's meeting by running a simple select statement several times.

		 - This is due to a combination of  front end and back end issues.  

	 - Front end issues
		 - When the Query Editor is first loaded, it takes about ~ 60 seconds for the autocompletion features to load. This is a pre-requisite for running explain statements.

		 - Whenever the user stops typing for 3 seconds, UI runs an explain on the query in the editor and returns errors (if any). 

		 - The first explain statement will be slow (because the autocompletion features must first load), but subsequent explain statements usually do not take more than a couple of seconds. 

		 - The case of "PLATIR-12018" where the explain statement took 30-40 seconds is an anomaly. Usually explain statements take just a few seconds. 

	 - Next steps - Front end
		 - Logging: Add logging statements in the Query UI console for UI operations. Just like the console shows "Running query..." it should also show "Running explain...", and "Loading autocompletion". This will help the user understand what is going on. 

		 - Turning off UI enhancements: Add a feature flag to turn off UI enhancements such as autocompletion and explain statements. Perform testing to validate whether or not this feature flag is leading to performance improvements. If yes, consider exposing this feature flag to customers.

	 - Back end issues
		 - Regardless of the UI issues, query complete is often slow to begin with, and then it speeds up in subsequent queries. See example below:

		 - First run (Query ID 3847acf3-5c16-4047-bcc5-a1bb69158157)
			 - 10:02:58 AM > Running query...

			 - 10:03:18 AM > Query complete in 19.022 seconds. 0 rows returned.

		 - Second run: (Query ID 4f8d1ab8-adb9-48d3-b34d-12ff238d05b5)
			 - 10:04:08 AM > Running query...

			 - 10:04:10 AM > Query complete in 2.059 seconds. 0 rows returned.

	 - Next steps - Back end
		 - Anil to investigate root causes of slow query completion and report back.

- DONE CA Roadshow slides for Doug, due [[February 18th, 2021]] #2021-W7 #[[QS-misc]]

- [[Mock PM Interview]] self - product design - roommate finding
	 - Goals and objectives
		 - Help people find roommates in a new city.

	 - User personas
		 - Students - college, grad

		 - **Young professionals - recent grads, single**

		 - Elderly people - retirees

	 - User needs
		 - Find an apartment / house that meets my living criteria - amenities, location, neighborhood, rent, etc.

		 - Find roommates who can be part of my social circle / friends.

		 - Find roommates who have similar living preferences to me - loudness, cleanliness, social norms, etc.

		 - Trust - find roommates whom I can trust (won't steal my stuff); who are financially responsible (won't stick me with the rent)

	 - Ideal user experience
		 - Set up profile page
			 - Enter my profile information and preferences

			 - Show my social connections, ratings

		 - Discover roommates
			 - Filter by apartment criteria

			 - Filter by roommate criteria

	 - Product ideas
		 - Social network integration for trust - show mutual connections, past reviews (like AirBnB)

		 - Profile pages for individual roommates - I am "extremely clean" and "hate parties"

		 - Credit score integration (optional) / algorithm to predict financial responsibility

		 - Predictive matching - based on social graph info, we think this roommate is a good fit

		 - Tinder like swipe left / right

	 - Prioritization

	 - GTM
		 - User research and requirements

		 - Design mock-ups

		 - Implementation plan

		 - Risks

		 - Success metrics

- [[Mock PM Interview]] self - product design - improve HOV lanes
	 - Goals
		 - Improve HOV lanes

		 - Specific objectives? Reduce accidents? Reduce traffic?

	 - User personas
		 - Families / Couples

		 - Groups of friends

		 - Bus and van drivers

		 - Single drivers - non HOV

		 - Fast drivers - want to go as fast as possible

		 - Cruisers - want to cruise at a fixed speed

		 - Drivers with disabilities

	 - User needs
		 - Get rewarded for carpooling / environmental benefit

		 - Avoid traffic - go in a more free lane

		 - Easily switch into exit lanes

	 - Improvement ideas
		 - Strict speed limit enforcement on HOV lanes - benefits cruisers

		 - Add an extra HOV lane - lane for passing

		 - Make HOV lane closer to exit lanes (e.g. in the middle)

		 - Shut down HOV lanes and find another reward system for saving the environment
			 - Cameras on the highway that take photos and automatically credit you for carpooling

			 - Scrap this reward altogether?

		 - Enable use of HOV lane for single drivers - avoid wasted capacity

	 - 

- 1-1 with [[Meera Srinivasan]]
	 - Need data points

	 - DONE Update GTM slide with volume data

	 - DONE Update customer demand count for qs-ups deck

	 - 

- [[Mock PM Interview]] self - product design - improve Facebook Portal TV
	 - Goals
		 - Company goal: give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebook to stay connected with friends and family, to discover what's going on in the world, and to share and express what matters to them.

		 - Product goal: bring family and friends closer together via virtual video interactions

	 - Users
		 - Business users - videoconferencing; telecommuting
			 - F500 employees

			 - Doctors - telemedicine

			 - Freelance professionals / small business

		 - Social users

		 - Elderly users - video call with grandma

	 - User needs
		 - Conduct a business meeting

		 - Virtual medical appointment

		 - Social - play games

		 - Social - feel like you're in the same room as the other person

	 - Product ideas
		 - Integration with more videoconference apps (Zoom, Meet, WebEx, etc.)

		 - Telemedicine app integration; e.g. therapy

		 - AR - project the other person in the room

		 - AR - game interaction - e.g. common board game on the table

- Call with [[Hyundai Tucson]] Service
	 - Two types of service: minor and major. Minor service every 7.5k miles; major service every 15k miles

	 - Minor service: $150

	 - Major service: $500

- [[Mock PM Interview]] Rukma - product design 1Password
	 - Goals
		 - Help people improve security in a convenient way

	 - Users - enterprise
		 - Buyer persona - IT dept / Information Sec

		 - User persona - regular employee
			 - Power users

			 - Regular users

	 - User needs
		 - Buyer
			 - Security - threat proof, leak proof

			 - Data retention / compliance - on prem / history

			 - Administration - ease of

			 - Reporting and analytics

		 - User needs
			 - Easy way of signing up

			 - Convenient way of logging in

			 - Resetting their password - if needed

			 - Integration with files and documents - only open when the right face shows up

			 - No individual computers - hotdesking with shared computers

	 - Product ideas
		 - Admin portal - reset tokens, authentication, onboarding new employees

		 - SSO - Single Sign On

		 - MFA app

		 - Touch ID / Face ID integration / biometric, M impact, M effort

		 - Integration with Company physical security - key / badge entry, H impact, H effort

		 - Corporate credit card payment integration, L, M-H

		 - Post interview ideas
			 - RBAC

			 - Admin management

			 - Security training

			 - Reporting and analytics

		 - 

	 - Implementation
		 - User research - 

		 - Design - prototopype / wireframes

		 - Implementation plan - 

		 - Risks
			 - Data steward / compliance 

	 - Feedback
		 - User personas - Spent too much time

		 - Product ideas - seemed random

- Call with [[Ryan Wilkes]] and [[Matt Colon]]
	 - DONE Create 2 UI tix: one for logging and one for attaching EIM; what metrics to emit
		 - Every transaction for explain

		 - Every transaction for autocomplete

		 - Every transaction for running queries

		 - Start time and end time for all of the above 

		 - Query ID attached to all of the above

	 - DONE Create monthly QS UI review meeting with Matt, Jhanavi, Ryan, Jeff #[[QS-misc]]

	 - DONE Create ticket for autocomplete not going away #[[QS-misc]]

- DONE Reschedule exam to Sat #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W6

- Sylvain differences
	 - 1 - I prefer to keep my version (minor differences in algorithm specification)

	 - 2 - (C)

	 - 3 - I prefer to keep my version (major differences - completely different algorithm)

	 - 4 - (C)

	 - 5 - (C)

- DONE Watch Udemy PM course #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]]
