- Write to MCIT program director
	 - Dear Prof. Farmer,

I hope you're doing well! I am an MCIT Online student nearing graduation, and I am writing to you in your capacity as MCIT Online Program Director to request your help with a challenge I am facing in getting transfer credit for a course I took at Yale University. Could you please review the below issue summary and let me know if you might be able to help me with this? 

Challenge: My course from Yale (CPSC 577 - Natural Language Processing) was conditionally approved for transfer credit by the UPenn SEAS faculty, but transfer credit was subsequently denied by the registrar, because I was unable to prove that I earned a grade of 'B' or higher. The issue is that most of Yale's graduate schools (including the School of Management where I earned my degree and the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences which offered this course) do not use a letter grading system. Instead my grade is reported as "H - Honors" (please see the last page of my attached transcript for an explanation of the grading system).

Steps I have taken to resolve the challenge: I have had several email exchanges with the MCIT Online office who has advised me that the 

My ask to you: Would you consider making a policy exception

Please do let me know if possible, and thank you very much in advance for your time and consideration!

Best,
Nikhil

- LM Standup w [[Cecelia Wang]], [[Samantha Nano]]
	 - Prioritize analytics issues

- 1-1 w [[Randy Swineford]]
	 - Excel table mapping server analytics

	 - Cohort issues

	 - DONE Paid user analysis iOS #[[LM-Metrics]]  #2021-W46 #Waiting [[November 15th, 2021]] 
		 - Check if segment is correct

		 - Create a separate segment only for a month

	 - DONE Update and set KPIs for conversion speed  - #[[LM-Metrics]] #2021-W45
		 - conversion speed.docx

- GTD
	 - DONE Uniqlo pickup #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W44

	 - DONE UPenn graduation requirements complete #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W45

- 1-1 w [[Pallav Vyas]]
	 - iOS provisional

	 - 

- Rick
	 - Hi Rick,

	 - Just wanted to give you a (long overdue) update on my wedding save the date I sent you earlier in the year. Unfortunately due to continued Covid related concerns most of our friends from the US are unable to travel to India for our wedding, and we're hosting another party in the US next year (22 - 23 October 2022 - likely in the Bay Area) to celebrate with our friends in the US. Please save the date, and we will share more details soon!

- DONE MCIT - bump piazza

- Salmon #Recipe
	 - Ingredients
		 - Olive oil

		 - Himalyan salt

		 - Minced garlic

	 - Process
		 - Preheat oven to 375F

		 - Rub salmon with oil and spices

		 - Pan sear on high heat 1 min each side

		 - Place in oven - covered

		 - Cook to internal temp of 135F

		 - Let sit for 10 mins
