- Android sync w [[Misha Arora]], [[Amanpreet Kang]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Time bug

		 - Conversion success bug

		 - PTO plan

	 - Notes
		 - DONE MIP SDK integration - high priority project, may impact resourcing for us

		 - DONE Break down error by Wave 1 / Wave 1.5 #[[LM-Metrics]] #2021-W45 [[November 8th, 2021]]

- GTD
	 - DONE Find short loving kindness meditation #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W47

	 - TODO Consolidated list of habits and goals #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W7
		 - Loving kindness meditation - daily w Rukma

		 - Journaling

		 - Creative writing

		 - Spend time in nature

		 - Disconnect from phone

		 - Connect with my playful side (e.g. dance classes w Rukma)

		 - Therapy items
			 - Recognize when I'm criticizing Rukma

			 - Recognize when something is triggering my OCPD and sit with it

	 - DONE Use Alaska Airlines credit expiring 12/31/2021 #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W47

	 - DONE Foods to try list - at home list - cereal in bread bowl

	 - DONE Returns amazon - weekly item - lighter and underwear #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W48

	 - DONE Try home laundry service - 2022 #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - DONE Cancel Walmart screen

	 - DONE Landlord bathroom plug #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]] #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]  #2022-W4

	 - DONE Reorg officer and bedroom power strip set up #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Home]] 

- [[Therapy]] with [[Jurgen Braungardt]]
	 - Deep dive into 14 year old Nikhil at Chirec. What's left over from my childhood rebelliousness? Cynicism and skepticism about systems and institutions.

	 - Picked up some rebelliousness from my nanamma - she was always questioning traditions and making fun of my grandfather

	 - Started splitting my personality - one person at home and a different person outside home. Became more exaggerated when I started drinking and smoking.

	 - This splitting is the early cause of my present day multiple personas.

	 - Didn't resolve this splitting or see it through to the conclusion, but just gave into the persona that my parents and society wanted me to be.

	 - Peter Elbo method of creative writing - freewriting.

	 - DONE Craetive writing exercises - read a paragraph of philosophy and use that as a prompt for writing, just let it flow

	 - Jurgen's central question for me: how to unleash my creativity
