- GTD
	 - DONE DVCF slack

	 - DONE Discuss w Joydeep on FTPDF creation

	 - DONE Ml business idea - cameras to map parking lots and find Open spots #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - DONE Landlord mail
		 - Hi Denis,

During our move-in inspection yesterday, our neighbor Patricia from 311 Catalpa dropped in to get in touch with you and she shared her phone number: 650-771-7482

She seems concerned that some branches from the large tree in 307 Catalpa are falling into her property, and she wanted to discuss the possibility of trimming the tree.

We thought it would be best for the two of you to discuss this directly. Would you mind getting in touch with her?  Else, we could also share your contact information with her and ask her to get in touch with you.

Thanks,
Nikhil

	 - DONE Buy washer dryer #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]
		 - Jerry's appliances

	 - DONE Starling Home Hub - connect google hardware to home kit #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Google Home fix
		 - https://www.cnet.com/home/smart-home/your-google-home-is-bricked-heres-how-to-get-a-new-one-for-free/ #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - DONE Echo dot #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE AC smell car / buy ozium #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W43 [[October 25th, 2021]]
		 - Change cabin air filter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLpyrb_Lj7E

		 - Spray entire can of lysol / ozium from outside windhsield and put ac on full blast (not recurculate) - do this with the cabin filter removed

		 - Get ozone treatment from detailer

	 - DONE Eye drops

	 - DONE We work documentary #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Rename wifi with rukma

	 - DONE House stuf
		 - DONE Shower curtain

		 - DONE Trash can

	 - DONE Desk foot rest #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Bath robes #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - Catalpa move-in
		 - Questions
			 - Heating

		 - Prioritized list
			 - Glass shards

			 - Lock not working

			 - Oven light

			 - Screen is too tight

		 - List
			 - Entry

			 - Glass shared

			 - Mailbox - missing

			 - Back yard door unstable

			 - Living room missing screen one window

			 - Dining

			 - Paint chipped

			 - Kitchen

			 - Screen tight

			 - Oven light

			 - Paint chipped

			 - Inside of cabinets debris

			 - Tiling cracked

			 - Back room wall dirty

			 - Stair

			 - Wall paint issue

			 - Bath

			 - No lock

			 - Paint chipped tub

			 - No fan

			 - Garage

			 - Back yard

			 - Glass shards

			 - Fence door not stable

- PRD Slide Review w [[Randy Swineford]], [[Aditya Baul]] and entire team

- [[Waymo]] final chat w [[Shai Ben Nun]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Intro
			 - Why Waymo - my excitement
				 - Really enjoyed interviews!

				 - Reinforced my view of the role
					 - Intellectually stimulating

					 - Impactful problems

					 - Cutting edge of ML/AI

				 - Exactly what I'm looking for!

			 - Where am I in the interview process?

		 - About the team
			 - Me > Shai > Head; what are the OKRs at each level?

			 - Eng team has dotted line reporting to Waymo One (e.g. Andrew Stein) - do we have same?

		 - About the role
			 - My understanding: 
				 - Partner with Michael Wattendorf and sim/eval team

				 - Across the stack: perception > prediction > planning > control

			 - Sim eval is problematic - especially pose divergent simulation; how much do we rely on sim?

			 - What are your expectations of me? First six months? Beyond?

			 - What will be my biggest challenge in this role?

		 - About Shai
			 - Fav and least fav thing about job

		 - About Waymo
			 - What's the relationship between Waymo and Alphabet? How does that impact us on a day-to-day level?

			 - Learning and development - my CS program

		 - Product strategy

		 - Closing
			 - Shai email - in case of further questions

			 - What are the next steps?

		 - --- NEXT MEETING ---

		 - Shai as people manager
			 - How was your transition from IC to M?

			 - What are your strengths and weakness?

			 - How do you go between day to day and high level career / personal goals

			 - How do you handle differences in communication style, with your direct reports?

		 - Career growth - I'm like you when you joined Waymo! MBA > 2 yrs PM > Waymo

	 - Role got opened up very recently - just a week before I interviewed, so they need to interview X candidates before submitting offer; can't hire first person seen

	 - Hear back in a week or two

	 - OKRs
		 - Head - vision for entire Trucking; what technologies; e.g. should we invest in electric truck (Shai is filling in on this role for now)

		 - Shai - owns eval, operations, perception, motion control

		 - Me - planner; that's why I had to interview with Pablo, Neeral

	 - Take the planning system and customize it for trucking; customize for truck; need to translate trucking specific needs into requirements
		 - road curtesy - flashing lights for passing trucks

		 - fuel efficient behavior

		 - regulations

	 - What's challenging for me?
		 - New to AV industry - 

		 - First time - combination of software and hardware

		 - Trucking industry - new to me

		 - PM culture is new

	 - Waymo and Alphabet
		 - Strong financial backing

		 - Infra - cloud compute, 

		 - Easy access to talk to PMs at YT, Go

	 - Fav / least fav
		 - Fav: mission + People

		 - Least: Launched 16 products at Amazon in Christams; slower at Waymo; balancing safety and moving fast

- LM Vision Meet w [[Aditya Baul]], [[Bea Alessio]]
	 - Need: I want to extract and visualize data

	 - Job: I want to see only relevant information

	 - I need to find information quickly, so that I can finish the task at hand

	 - I need to immerse myself

	 - I need to create some output from this

	 - Suggested JTBD
		 - Find the most relevant document for my question

		 - Read and synthesize documents to create new content

		 - Generate insights from documents

- [[[[Projects]]-LM-APIs]] meet w [[Joao Vasconcelos Pinheiro]], [[Aditya Baul]], [[Nirmal Ganesh]], [[Jane Vu]]
	 - Eng asks for LM
		 - Additional templates

	 - How to get feedback from users
		 - DONE Plan for feedback from dropped off users 
			 - Get legal clearance

			 - Where to get info?

	 - Doc gen release notes - ?

	 - 

- [[Therapy]] with [[Tucker Peck]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Off routine

		 - ADHD update

		 - Meditation - off / 50%

		 - Thinking I'm the expert - negotiation rukma argument - I'm very forceful

		 - Getting upset that things aren't going my way - 

	 - General lifestyle
		 - Spend time in nature - Felton in Santa Cruz

		 - DONE Henry Cowell park - redwood forest 

	 - Meditation
		 - Getting lost in thought

	 - Argumentativeness
		 - Flesh out the other person's viewpoint

	 - Thoughts from Tucker
		 - 1.) Take any opportunity you can to practice mindfulness.  This is the opposite of doing pointless, compulsive activities just to have something to do.  Anything you can do slower might help as well.

		 - 2.) Spend some time weekly in nature without electronics.  A few hours of that tends to automatically slow the mind and cause mindfulness.

		 - 3.) If you notice you are having an intellectual conversation, this is your mindfulness bell.  The bell should cause you to a.) Notice how you're feeling and b.) Ask questions to flesh out why someone is saying what they're saying.

		 - 4.) Watch this with a growth mentality.  Eg if you are arguing for ten minutes before you realize you're doing something dumb and apologize, and it used to be 14 minutes, that's success.
