- DONE Aopen ramp items from bea
	 - add to [Global Calendar](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/DEX/Milestone+Plan+-+2021%3A+AI-ML+Services)

	 - update wikis w roll out date [Key dates and load for Server ](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/PN/Auto-Open-+Android+Client#AutoOpenAndroidClient-KeydatesandloadforServer)

	 - create a ticket for clients just like [DCMAA-35999](https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/DCMAA-35999)

- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  15}}
		 - Let me think about my Mindbloom exercise, and how that is showing up for me. On the day of the session, I had a very intense experience. I felt an intense sense of bliss, peace, and calm. How do I retain this bliss in my day to day life?

		 - For one, I will remind myself of this experience. As my guide told me, having gone through this experience, I am now a changed person. The experience changes my mind and body. Neuroplasticity. It opens up the possibility for change. How will I try to solidify the changes that I want. I think the wellbeing routine that I have right now is a very good one. The 12-1, where I focus on the anxiety app exercises, mindfulness, and journaling. I'm making myself into a blissful person. I think this is the work that I need to be doing. There's probably nothing really special that I need to be doing other than this. Maybe just taking a few moments to recall my experiences during my last trip, and how that is impacting me now. That's a good idea.

		 - So let me start now. I remember the feeling of having a large consciousness. Being one with the ocean of consciousness. That makes the anxious part of me insignificant. That's a good memory to have and to recall. The day to day worries and anxieties that I have are so small compared to the ocean that I am a part of. 

		 - Next time for the session I really want to read brothers K section!

		 - What am I grateful for?
			 - I'm grateful for the Mindbloom experience that I had!

			 - I'm grateful for Jud Brewer creating the anxiety program.

			 - I'm grateful for Rukma joining the anxiety program with me.

	 - [[How does peace show up in my life?]]

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- 1-1 w [[Tianyuan Cai]]

- LM PM sync w [[Matthew Hardy]], [[Bea Alessio]]
	 - DONE Analytics issues iOS #[[LM-Metrics]]
		 - 1.     Number of LM Icon tap > number of conversions started (top row: )

		 - 2.     Number of LM Enter > number of LM Icon tap (bottom row: 69k > 68k)

		 - 3.     Surprisingly high % of non-auto-open conversions for the auto-open-ON group (50k vs. 109k)
			 - a.     High % of IPDQs within this group
