- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  10}}
		 - Morning, Friday! Today I want to focus on my MCIT work. Put all the questions behind me about my job search. It is what it is. Ideally I could have tried for the Sr. role, but it just didn't work out. I don't think the long term difference is that great between the two. Moreover, other companies don't even make a title distinction between the two roles, so I think it's not such a big deal. I should now commit to my new role, and try to give it my best shot at success. I'm sure I'll do a good job, that's not really in question. 

		 - So first, I should just accept my new offer, do that today, and then connect the different stakeholders in a thread to work out the transition details. Meera is obviously going to be very immature about this and try to ask for 1 month, but I know the recruiter can step in and quash that if needed. I can first take Randy's guidance on how to proceed with this. 

		 - Still having negative thoughts about how I didn't make the best of this opportunity. That's ok. It's OK to feel that way. I'm feeling a sense of disappointment in myself that I let an opportunity slip by without seizing it as much as possible. I'm feeling a sadness about it. Sadness and disappointment. Those are the two main feelings. Is there a frustration? Yes. 

		 - What should I do about it. Is that the right question? I feel tension in my face and jaw. Release. Hearing a sound, like a musical note playing for a long time, but I think it's just the fan.

		 - DC is an exciting area for AI innovations. I think there's a lot of NLP going on here. That's the area that I want to focus on anyway, so it's great! Think about what NLP projects I can get into and how that ties in to user experience. Start with a good step forward. Be chill about my current job. Maybe can be in vacation mode. 

		 - 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- Message to [[Randy Swineford]]
	 - Hi Randy — I spoke to my manager yesterday to let him know that I have received an offer from your team and that I am planning to accept it. We are discussing next steps and will get back to you by Monday morning.

- Call with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]

- Call with [[Dave McNamee]], [[Trevor Paulsen]], [[Bret Gundersen]]
	 - Dave wants update on streaming data prep from Keshav

	 - ARES-SQL 
		 - We've released to prod

		 - For SQL users it's working well, but for dashboards and BI tools lot of queries don't work

		 - Needs a lot more discovery before committing resources

	 - DSW Notebooks is not working for CJA
		 - Customers are trying to build a model for large data and bring into CJA

		 - They aren't even able to do data exploration with the hardware

- Square products
	 - Questions
		 - Is the buyer meeting the seller in-person?

		 - Does the seller have any card reader hardware?

		 - Is the buyer conducting a self-service online transaction?

		 - Is the transaction synchronous or asynchronous?

		 - ... 

	 - Answer: Based on the answers to the above questions, the recommended solution for this use case is: ... 

- GTD
	 - DONE Extra car sun glasses

	 - DONE Shirts

	 - DONE Pants

	 - program the thermostat

	 - DONE https://www.joinsail.co/ - emotional intelligence

- Call with [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Do you care

	 - I need to move out of QS

	 - Stay close to customer data

	 - Pitch to Meera
		 - I can move to DSW

		 - AI / ML projects cutting across different areas of AEP Intel

	 - Either find something better

	 - I think like a scientist always; that's my personality; that's why I need to be in the data science world

	 - Biggest weakness is dealing with chaos; human chaos; that's where I need to be

- 
