- [[Daily journal]]
	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
{{word-count}} {{POMO  9}}
		 - Things I thought I would journal about yesterday.

		 - Insurance dispute
			 - The question is how does it make me feel? It's hard to say, but maybe start with my emotional thoughts. It's an unfair situation that I'm in. I feel powerless. I feel like I'm negotiating against parties that have no empathy for me. Abstract entities. I don't have sufficient insurance, so they're not interested in helping out. I feel like it's a tough battle to fight. What else do I feel? I feel tense when this issue comes up. Not relaxed. It puts me in a defensive and fighting mode. What will it be like to continue to engage in this? I'll have to have some very unpleasant conversations with insurance and with the condos throughout the process, and I will continue to feel frustrated. I think it's best to just let it go.

		 - Interview scheduling
			 - How does this make me feel? I'm trying to optimize for the perfect time to have interviews. I want it to work out such that I'm completely like stress free at that time, I'm in the perfect location, and I'm free of work responsibilities. Also, I'm trying to optimize for minimizing time I take off from work. I don't think I need to be doing this. I can take as much time off as I want. I'm not a bad employee. It'll be a while before I go on a Pip or anything like that. But it's still being a stressful thing, right. I have multiple interviews I'm scheduling simultaneously. But so what? Just be relaxed about it. How do I feel? Again, there's the tension in my jaw. Even just thinking about it.

		 - Work training
			 - Also causing me tension. Why? Because I believe it's just a really hard task that we don't have a good handle on. But I can relax... it doesn't have to be perfect, just has to be good enough. 

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What did I eat today?]]

	 - [[Anything else?]]

	 - Reminder: complete yesterday's journal

- [[MBAs at Adobe - community conversations]]

- Meeting with Kevin on Data Prep
	 - CTAS from those queries

	 - Create views on those queries

	 - Block statement

	 - Create view on top of it - flattens out dot notation

	 - Executing queries from files - 

	 - Query log - open query 

	 - Next steps
		 - DONE Block Kev's calendar for final, prep, and recordings

- Computed attributes with [[Ashwin Chandra]], [[Saurabh Mahapatra]], [[Trung]]
	 - Formulas to calculate attributes and update them

	 - How do we ensure data lake datasets marked for profile are not duplicative 

- [[A Coherence Theory of Truth and Knowledge]] by [[Donald Davidson]]
	 - "A major reason, in fact, for accepting a coherence theory is the unintelligibility of the dualism of a conceptual scheme and a ‘world’ waiting to be coped with." (p. 140)

	 - "What distinguishes a coherence theory is simply the claim that nothing can count as a reason for holding a belief except another belief. Its partisan rejects as unintelligible the request for a ground or source of justification of another ilk. As Rorty has put it, ‘nothing counts as justification unless by reference to what we already accept, and there is no way to get outside our beliefs and our language so as to find some test other than coherence’." (p.141)

	 - "No such confrontation makes sense, for of course we can’t get outside our skins to find out what is causing the internal happening of which we are aware."

	 - "But what concerns me here is that Quine and Dummett agree on a basic principle, which is that whatever there is to meaning must be traced back somehow to experience, the given, or patterns of sensory stimulation, something intermediate between belief and the usual objects our beliefs are about."
		 - Myth of the given.

	 - "I now suggest also giving up the distinction between observation sentences and the rest."

	 - "No doubt meaning and knowledge depend on experience, and experience ultimately on sensation. But this is the ‘depend’ of causality, not of evidence or justification."

	 - "The question ‘how do I know my beliefs are generally true?’ thus answers itself, simply because beliefs are by nature generally true"

	 - "all that counts as evidence or justification for a belief must come from the same totality of belief to which it belongs"

- Tuesday 4pm or later
