- AEP UI Meeting with [[Doug Smith]], [[Matt Colon]]
	 - DONE Set up meeting with Aniket, Keshav, Matt, Samaha

- [[Personal CRM]]
	 - Categories
		 - Hyderabad

		 - Chicago

		 - Amsterdam

		 - Deloitte

		 - Yale

		 - Adobe

		 - Other

		 - Family

	 - Levels
		 - 1 - Weekly call

		 - 2 - Monthly call

		 - 3 - Quarterly call

		 - 4 - Annual call

		 - 5 - Happy birthday text

		 - 6 - Holiday text

		 - 7 - Something in-between?

		 - 8 - social connection only

		 - 0 - drop

		 - Errors
			 - 99 - duplicate

			 - 98 - dead

			 - 97 - error

	 - Wedding invite
		 - 1 - yes

		 - 2 - maybe

		 - 3 - no

		 - 4 - duplicate - parents

		 - 5 - duplicate - rukma

		 - 6 - Hyderabad only

	 - Plus 1
		 - 1

	 - Process
		 - Download from FB / Linkedin

		 - Unify and de-dupe

		 - Tag

- AEP QS Sales Call with [[Starburst]]
	 - Use cases they support
		 - Federated queries across multiple data sources
			 - 

- [[Adobe PERM PR application]]
	 - Support email: Hello! I'm currently working on my "Fragomen - US H-1B Foreign National Questionnaire 1.28", but I'm stuck on the section titled "U.S. Previous Stay(s)". I've entered all the required information, but the form is not allowing me to click on the "next" button. Could someone please help me with this? Thank you very much!

- Prism meeting with [[Vasanthi]], [[John Anderson]]
	 - 

- CA Pre-Read with [[Steven Sit]], [[Kevin Foster]], [[Nick Hecht]] #[[QS-UPS]]
	 - AEP Vision slide
		 - Good!

	 - Drivers and use cases
		 - DONE Another use case like the first three, but is to insert into Profile - for segmentation; Kohls, Verizon, LASA - all are facing this requirement; Profile Enrichment; connect with Kevin Foster

		 - DONE Enterprise sync - Nick
			 - Microsoft wants to get their Campaign clicks data (AEP batches); some data does not hit server side forwarding.

			 - Scheduling - optional; some customers want pull model, some want push model.

		 - Identity stitching
			 - Kohls: Some customers do their own identity stitching; e.g. Kohls has credit card ID, loyalty ID, etc.

		 - Operational vs Analytical
			 - Don't worry about customers who don't want to use activation

		 - ID graph
			 - Customers look to Adobe to understand "which devices are the same person" but not for "which people are tied to which device?". 

			 - Customers bring in their own or 3rd party graphs into AEP

			 - DONE How to deal with restating the graph?
