- Meera / KT
	 - Hi Meera, KT — Unfortunately I am unable to find any time slots this week that work for both of your calendars.

	 - Other slots that work for KT
		 - 3/10 Wednesday, 4:30pm

- GTD
	 - DONE Reconcile Akhil balances #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Finance]]

	 - DONE Side project - LinkedIn data mining to find PMbackfround.

	 - https://trymito.io/launch - Jupyter Jupyterlab extension with Excel like UI

	 - DONE Come as you are #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Trekking Poles for Rukma #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Books about government and civics #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Shooting range #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Austin - barley swine. Franklin's. John Mueller barbecue.  La Mexicana bakery.  #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE consume a more nonverbal art #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - 

- [[QS-DDOM]] meeting with [[Joel Huff]], [[Dhrumil Joshi]], [[Krishna Veturi]]
	 - Phasing should have business value

- [[MBAs at Adobe]] Community Conversations with [[Jane Bruyere]], [[Ramya Gogineni]], [[Bradshaw Rovens]], [[Nara Kim]]
	 - Jane
		 - Adobe DC PMM

		 - Fordham College > Peace Corps > Duke MBA

	 - Bradshaw
		 - Really lively sales guy

	 - Nara

- [[QS-UPS]] UI meeting with [[Rahul Mittra]], [[John Anderson]], [[Nate Ross]]

- DONE Propose no-meeting Friday to Jim team #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #Someday
	 - Hi team — I wanted to share some initiatives I learned about from the Creative Cloud PM org to ease meeting overload and improve productivity for individual contributors: 
		 - Block time for individual deep work.

		 - Shorten meetings to 25 / 50 minutes by default.

		 - Block org-wide no-meeting times. 

	 - Some of these are just individual initiatives that any of us can implement (e.g. I've set my Outlook's default meeting duration to 25 minutes instead of 30 minutes), but some will have a much greater impact if implemented at an org-wide level.

- [[Mock PM Interview]] Google Home {{POMO  10}}
	 - Goals
		 - Mission: Organize the world's information and make it universally accessible.

	 - Users
		 - Geographic: USA vs. EU vs. Asia / etc.

		 - Age: child vs. adult vs. elederly

		 - Business vs. consumer

	 - User needs
		 - I want to discover information that is relevant to me

		 - I want to ask questions and get answers

	 - Industry trends
		 - Wearables

	 - Product ideas
		 - Integration with business information systems: email, HR, supply chain, etc., H, H

		 - Integration with more applications - chat, email, H, H

		 - Automatically deliver personalized information without being asked, M, L

		 - Ask questions in different languages, M, M

		 - Understand different accents and voices, M, M

		 - Wearable Google Home - watch, glasses, etc., H, H

		 - Ubiquotous computing - integrated devices, L, M

	 - Prioritization and next steps

	 - Metrics
		 - Number of questions asked

		 - Number of satisfactory questions

- [[USA-Immigration]] call with Jagan
	 - Agenda
		 - What are the available appointments right now?

		 - If I need appointment in July when is the right time to book?

		 - Can I choose one city in DS-160 and then choose another city for the appointment? 

	 - Process
		 - First submit the DS-160

		 - Then go to CGI-federal and look for appointments

		 - Then go to DS-160 page and get a new DS-160 number (retrieve DS-160 option)

		 - Even after booking appointment in one city, then I can change to a different city - 
