- App Store Reviews for Acrobat Reader Mobile, [[Vaibhav Bhatnagar]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Alerts

		 - Data

		 - Reports

	 - Vaibhav's role
		 - Responsible for App Store and Play Store reviews for Acrobat Reader

		 - Software called App Bot

		 - Monthly meeting - June 8

	 - Tool
		 - Use App Bot for reviews

		 - Want to move Clara Bridge

	 - Liquid Mode Feedback
		 - - 200 page 

	 - Next steps
		 - DONE Slack channel

		 - DONE Ask for access - write to Madison
			 - Hi Madison — I hope you're doing well! :) 

			 - Further to our Slack conversation, I met with Vaibhav Bhatnagar to learn about the insights derived from App Store reviews via App Bot, and I also met with Ashim Ghosh's team to learn about the insights derived from Social Media via Clarabridge.

			 - As a Product Manager for Liquid Mode, I'd love get regular updates on what customers are saying about Liquid Mode on Social Media and in App Store Reviews (e.g. all Social Media posts and App Store reviews matching the key word "Liquid Mode").

			 - However, I'd like to avoid creating extra work for other teams if possible, so I was wondering if there's any way for me to get access to these tools (App Bot and Clarabridge) myself so that I can create my own reports / updates?

			 - Please do let me know if possible, and thanks very much in advance! :) 

- Meet with [[Joao Vasconcelos Pinheiro]], [[Chris French]]

- DONE Get access to Hadoop #[[LM-misc]]

- DONE Send update to Aditya on meetings and goals
	 - Hey Aditya — just wanted to confirm that I have 1-1s scheduled before next week with everyone on your list below, as well as several additional folks (PMMs, Acrobat PMs, and the rest of LN's directs). 

- Bi-weekly team sync, [[Aditya Baul]], [[Bea Alessio]], [[Randy Swineford]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Social insights

	 - DONE Set up recurring 1-1s with Randy #[[LM-misc]]

	 - LM Deck

- DC AI Team Meeting, [[Randy Swineford]]
	 - 

- [[Therapy]] with [[Tucker Peck]]
	 - Rukma and diamonds - I think she's wrong
		 - Current state: I think she's wrong but I respect her ability to be wrong; this is a good first step

		 - Distinguish between chocolate vs. vanilla type preferences and right vs. wrong preferences

		 - I need to learn to respect the ways in which my partner is different from me

	 - I have these disagreements with my colleagues and my boss

	 - I live in a world where people are wrong most of the time, but I'm not.

	 - Being intelligent is tied in to the core of my identity; but this need to feel smart is filtering down into illogical places

	 - Try behaving as if I'm not the smartest person

	 - I feel like the only way I can get love is to show people that I'm smarter than them - but this is wrong; this is due to childhood experiences of being rewarded for being smart

	 - I need to recognize that:
		 - I'm no longer the smartest person in the room

		 - Proving my smartness is not the way to win approval

	 - Assignments
		 - Keep practicing / pretending "you're not the smartest person in the room"

		 - Always assume "this time is not the exception"

	 - Tucker got upset with me for constantly questioning his methods and said it's taking up valuable therapy time.
