- GTD
	 - DONE Neighbor mail #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2021-W38

	 - DONE Smart switches install - plugs and switches #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Home]]

	 - DONE Return home living room display CS #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Home]]

	 - DONE Install smart lights #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Home]]

	 - DONE Steel scrub #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

- [[Opendoor]] interview w [[Sam Stone]]
	 - Ref: [[PM Interview Cheat Sheet]]

	 - Aboout Sam
		 - Head of PM for Pricing at OpenDoor

		 - Previous: co-founder of DS / ML startup for hiring

		 - Prior: Investing / consulting

	 - About Opendoor
		 - Mission: give everyone the freedom to move

		 - Focus on home seller; make automated valuation and guaranteed offer

		 - Monetization: Charge a 5% fee (like the realtor fee)

		 - Buy fair, sell high

	 - Pricing team
		 - Valuation team: Like Zestimate

		 - Liquidity: How long will it take to sell

		 - Resale: 

		 - Tooling: for human in the loop operators to improve

		 - Platform: Tooling for ML engineers

	 - Deep behavioral interview

	 - About the role
		 - Pricing generalist - someone who can work across different teams

		 - Two team openings 

		 - 1 Tooling for human in the loop system; help with data labeling

		 - 2 Resale team; own a home, already in inventory, how to get max resale

	 - Key stakeholders of role
		 - Tooling
			 - Pricing operations

			 - Upstream teams building algorithms

		 - Resale side
			 - Sales and support 

			 - Finance team

	 - Next steps
		 - Another call w Sam Stone

		 - DS - theory based

		 - Virtual on-site: 4-5 interview 

		 - sam.stone@opendoor.com

- Update AOpen readout for Mahardy

- Testing doc gen workflow [[[[Projects]]-LM-APIs]]
	 - Preview output page - "View in LM" is the main call to action and should be on the left side of the page

	 - Email - There are many links, and it may be good to highlight 

	 - Unable to test in mobile app due to lack of VPN in iOS

- Review userinterviews for [[Tianyuan Cai]]
	 - How old are you?
		 - OK

	 - What is your educational background?
		 - OK

	 - Do you have any reading or neurological conditions that may influence your reading performance? Such as (dyslexia, ADHD). Your answer to this question will not be used to disqualify you. 
		 - Rephrase to "Do you have any medical conditions that may impact your reading ability (such as dyslexia or ADHD)? Your answer to this question will not be used to disqualify you. 

		 - Consider making optional

	 - Do you have normal vision? It is OK for you to have corrective lenses as long as they allow you to easily see documents. Your answer to this question will not be used to disqualify you.
		 - Rephrase to: 

	 - What is your current job title?
		 - OK

	 - What's the industry you primarily work in (regardless of your actual position)?
		 - OK

	 - How often do you read PDF documents on your mobile devices (phone/tablet)? Accounts for use cases for both work AND for leisure.
		 - Replace "read" with "view"

	 - How often do you create PDF documents that may be consumed on mobile devices? Accounts for use cases for both work AND for leisure.
		 - OK

	 - We want to understand how you read (and create) PDF documents. Any files that you provide will only be used for this interview and will be deleted at the end of the interview. If selected for the interview, can you email or upload (1) three PDFs that you used in the past week as part of your work and (2) three PDFs that you used outside your work?
		 - Replace "read" with "view"

		 - Make this optional, and do not reject on this basis

	 - What do you do with your PDF?
		 - OK

	 - Which desktop and mobile app do you use to view your PDF?
		 - Rephrase to: "Which desktop and/or mobile apps do you use to view your PDF?"

	 - Which desktop and mobile apps do you use to create your PDF?
		 - Rephrase to: "Which desktop and/or mobile apps do you use to create your PDF?"

	 - Please describe your workflow for creating PDF
		 - Let's make this optional

	 - What frustrates you about reading PDFs?
		 - OK

	 - What frustrates you about creating PDFs?
		 - OK

	 - General comments
		 - I've suggested making several questions optional

- 1-1 w [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Review Amandeep update

	 - Review user interviews

	 - DONE Talk to Craig and Rick about user interviews

	 - DONE Get study from Kellogg students collaboration

- Case study interview w [[Udemy]]
	 - Intros
		 - Shekhar - leads product for personalization and mar-tech

		 - Tom - data science and data engineering leader

		 - Young - eng leader

		 - Shanu - Lead product for pricing and promotions

		 - Ankur - lead lifecycle and monetization

	 - Why build not buy?
		 - All existing tools require javascript insertion - they are not very confortable

		 - Leads to a big package, and more code that needs to be executed on the clinet; slowness

		 - Also, existing tools don't support omnichannel workflows

- GTD
	 - DONE Update address #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]
		 - Immigration NM

		 - DMV - license and registration

		 - Employer

		 - Car insurance

		 - Banks and financial
			 - Capital One

			 - Chase - NM

			 - Chase - RS

			 - Amex - RS

			 - Amex - NM

			 - Betterment

			 - Loan - RS
