- Inbox
	 - DONE Feedback reminders and feedback for cecilia #[[LM-misc]] #2022-W21
		 - Do well
			 - You are (1) highly responsive in communication and (2) meticulous and detail oriented in your work. Whenever I have a request or a bug that I communicate with you, I am confident that I will get a timely response from you without any follow-up from my end, and I am confident that you will investigate thoroughly (including various edge cases that I often don't think of) and follow through to conclusion. This means that I don't have to spend much time detailing and following-up on PM asks, because I am confident that you will take care of it. It is a real pleasure to work with someone like that!

		 - Do better
			 - Over-communication is useful habit you can develop especially in the context of remote work with cross-functional stakeholders. We've had a couple of instances in the past where engineering delivered something that was not expected by PM (e.g. option to turn off auto-open promos). While this was not at all engineering's (it was caused by changing requirements from PM which got lost in PM transition), over-communication from enginering (e.g. frequent updates on Slack) would help ensure everybody is on the same page!

		 - Anything else
			 - Now that you have a new engineer on your team (Milind) and a new PM to work with (Meredith), it is a great opportunity for you to take the lead and provide guidance and mentorship to them based on your knowledge and expertise. (The mentorship part is probably more relevant to Milind). This will help with your professional growth and development.

	 - DONE Migrate benefit accounts

- Roadmap meeting w [[Matthew Hardy]], [[Aditya Baul]], [[Meredith Wade]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review Wiki list of projects

- [[Therapy]] w [[Amrita]]
	 - Topics for therapy
		 - Conflict - specific examples

- Call w [[Rozy CPA]]
	 - Qs
		 - Foreign income

		 - Are taxes OK otherwise?

	 - Rozy had one opinion and her colleague had the opposite opinions
		 - Rozy opinion: 

		 - Other opinion: everything taxable - same as Joe

	 - Wants to consult with someone
		 - Amit Chandel - tax consulting firm

	 - Get 

- 1-1 w [[Saurabh Mahapatra]]
	 - Saurabh happy for me
		 - Found a good problem in FB to solve for

		 - AI/ML - sticking to that core principle - that's a good thing

	 - FB culture
		 - Cut-throat, very political

		 - WLB may be tough - negotiate and set boundaries

	 - Feedback for me
		 - Strength
			 - Passionate about AI/ML - this was visible and obvious - Saurabh feels he should have transitioned me out of 

			 - Meticulous, detail oriented

			 - Calm and patient

		 - Weakness
			 - Dealing with ambiguity - solve this by understanding group dynamics and individual motivations

			 - Strategic thinking

	 - Saurabh learned some things froom me
		 - Power of AI/ML - Traditional BI world is dying out

		 - Generational difference - data scientist is a modern day maverick

- Sync w [[Aditya Baul]], [[Meredith Wade]], [[Randy Swineford]]
	 - Agenda
		 - DTM vs. Commenting priority

		 - Auto-open prompt

		 - Acrobat Web

- 1-1 w [[Randy Swineford]]
	 - What I do well
		 - I'm a really good PM.

		 - Execution, analytics, etc. are very strong

		 - Not afraid to push back on things. With a level of logic. I'm quick to adapt.

		 - Managing relationships cross-functionally

	 - What I could do better
		 - Strategic thinking, getting out of the weeds.

	 - Management advice
		 - Performance can't stand on it's own - you need to communicate your value.

		 - Get experience with leadership and management - 

		 - Shift to higher level strategic views

	 - Difference between Principal path vs. Manager path

- 
