- 1-1 [[Nick Strumpf]]
	- Agenda
		- PSC expectations - how often to check-in?
	- DONE Share OBA docs - primer - w Nick
	- Increasing opt-in % - Talk to Hiral
	- PSC expectations
		- Signal gain
			- Understand PMF
			- Get PXFN alignment
		- OBA
			- Measure
			- Mitigation plan
			-
- 1-1 [[Saied Tahaghoghi]]
	- Agenda
		- OBA SEV - I thought they didn't iterate?
		- Can I help w anything?
	- Personal
		- He is a personal finance junkie - plays around with stocks, and also roth / mega-backdoor / etc.
	- OBA SEV history
		- In Aug 2021 we lost labels for model training for OBA opt-out users; experimentation, model comparison, QRT, etc. was all still usable. We still used 3PD ground truth for evaluation.
		- Then we stopped using 3PD even for evaluation
		- Then in March 22 we split models to opt-in and opt-out models; opt-in model continued training and iterating (iterating means you changed the model); but opt-out model could not be iterated; not ALL models were split, but the bigger models were split like 1dct
		- Then in July 22 we started being able to offline evaluation via A&A and OBA opt-out model is much worse than OBA opt-in (and much worse than we thought the difference would be)
		- Then in Aug 22 we refreshed the opt-out model by just taking the opt-in model and porting it
	- DONE I need to understand the impact of Blunt Hammer pausing
- 1-1 [[Sonam Saxena]]
- Inbox
	- DONE Schedule dentist #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W2
	- DONE Create post on how to break into PM #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]]
		- FB RPM guide
	- DONE Review recurring 1-1s #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]]
		- 1x / week
			- Sagar
			- Maxime
			- Tal
			- Yuhui
			- Shuai
		- 1x / 2 weeks
			- Sen
		- 1x / Month
			- Marvin
			- Milan
			- Hang
			- Di
			- Bowen
			- Waqas
			- Nick
- Team meeting w [[Shabnam Erfani]], [[Arun Rao]] and team
	- Shabnam update
		- No net new investments in Meta overall - only rebalancing
		- Within ads - still deciding what the priority areas are
		- Overall Meta ratio is about 9:1:1 eng:tpm:pm but Core ML was more like 30:1:1 but we want to get to a healthier ratio, so our PM team will grow!
		-
- 1-1 [[Chandan Kapoor]]
	- About Chandan
		- Microsoft for 15 years; then joined Meta this year in Jan
		- MPK 21 - for biryani
		- MPK 21 - rooftop space
	- About MSFT
		- Split the Program Manager function into TPM + PM
		- Before they were combined
	- Share org structure
- 1-1 [[Shabnam Erfani]]
	- Agenda
		- Intro
			- Talk about my projects and understand how it aligns with priorities
		- SG project
			- Goal:
		- OBA project
		- Can we have monthly meeting?
	- DONE Onboarding feedback - how can we make team better? #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W34
		- Too many docs for a new hire to read through. I think we should cut down to the essential docs only and then let the new hire move on to project-specific documentation.
		- Remote onboarding is hard - need some way to get to know people on a personal level
	- Signal Gain
		- Shabnam is the STO for our relationship w Amazon
		- Amazon is a good candidate for Signal Gain - they don't share conversion data for multiple reasons:
			- privacy commitments they've made to their users
			- we may use Amazon's conversion data to improve our own marketplace; competitive reasons
		- Shabnam has been involved in conversations with Amazon about PC
		- DONE Shabnam will sed me some names and documents
		- DONE Talk to Igor and team
		- Igor's team
			- They are building the platform for PC and the first use case is measurement
		- AI4ads team - they are involved - AWS wants to build a private measurement - not sure how AI4 ads is involved
		- Where does Core ML fit in - we are responsible for delivery -
			- Is it possible to use PC platform for optimizing ads delivery?
			- What's the opportunity there?
		- DONE Incubations and verticals team is responsible for driving more opt-in users - Katya Feuks in R&P is also looking into this  - follow up w Shabnam
		-
-