- Inbox
	 - DONE Message dad about India liquidaation
		 - Hi Dad! I'm writing to request some help regarding my India finances. I would like to divest myself of all financial assets in India (ideally by December 31, 2022), and wanted some help from you in the following areas:

		 - Land in Masaipet: As we discussed, can we please plan for me to gift these lands to you and complete the transfer when I am in India this December?

		 - Millennium Finance mutual funds: 
			 - Option 1: I can sell the funds directly and transfer the cash to myself in the US (like I did last year). This option creates some US tax liability for me.

			 - Option 2: I can gift the mutual funds to you without selling them. This option creates no US tax liability for me. Can you please explore whether this option creates any tax liability for you? Then we can decide which of the two options is better overall.

		 - PPF and Insurance: Based on the most recent info you provided last year (attached), the only other assets are SBI PPF and Bajaj Unit Gain insurance. Can you please advise on the best way to divest these? Can I gift them to you?

		 - PF: I have some amount of money in PF from my employment with Deloitte.

		 - Other assets (Insurance policies, PF, PPF, FDs, etc.): Are you aware of any other financial assets in my name other than what I have mentioned?

	 - TODO Deloitte PF access #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]
		 - Basic details like Name?DoB/Gender or Aadhaar is/are missing in UAN. Please contact your employer to complete the details.

		 - Contact Deloitte
			 - pfonlineclaims@deloitte.com

			 - ushydhrecc@deloitte.com

			 - abbhushan@deloitte.com - Alumni Relations Contact

			 - USIndiaAlumniRelations@DELOITTE.com

			 - Former Deloitte USI Employee requesting help with PF account

			 - Hi, hope you're doing well! My name is Nikhil Maddirala and I'm a Deloitte USI alum / former employee. I'm having some trouble accessing my Provident Fund account online, and I have been advised by the Provident Fund Organization to contact my employer regarding this. I was wondering if you might be able to put me in touch with the right person for this request? Thanks very much in advance for your help! :)

- 1-1 [[Marvin Kim]]
	 - MPC-ML vs. PC4D-AAL
		 - Does WALR only work for MPC?

		 - Is MPC-ML a technology in search of a problem

	 - DONE Schedule OBA review #[[[[Projects]]-SG]] #2022-W40 

- 1-1 [[Tal Hayat]]

- Surface control mitigation w [[Vidhi]], [[Yuhui Ouyang]], [[Shuai Liu]]
	 - Vidhi's says we can't prioritize this above 3PD revamp

	 - Peter Herbrich is very supportive of our initiative; he asks if we can do a low-key LAMA - or get by without a LAMA

	 - Almost everything needs LAMA these days at Meta

- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]

- 
