- Inbox
	 - DONE Therapy goals #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]
		 - 1. Conflicts. Discuss specific conflicts and come to a better understanding. Also develop habits for conflict resolution in general.

		 - 2. Family planning. Come to a shared understanding on family planning.

	 - --

	 - DONE Android bugs prioritization #[[LM-Mobile]] #2022-W18

	 - DONE AOpen cod cost savings estimate #[[LM-Mobile]] #2022-W18

	 - DONE Complete reforge materials / certificate #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W19

	 - DONE Informationals w LinkedIn PMs / FB #2022-W16

	 - DONE Melissa podcast prep #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W23
		 - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DolfzhBfytKixXM7oJdRPA1HJ4y69O3OEdL22UU1k0w/edit?usp=sharing

- Meet w [[Shikhar Kohli]]
	 - Modern viewer 
		 - Shipping in May

		 - Viewer is common for Chrome, Share, and Acrobat Web - Shikhar owns this across all experiences

		 - Entire Q3 will be spent shipping Q3 

	 - Collab roadmap
		 - DONE Connect w Rajjet on collab roadmap

		 - Commenting is next on roadmap - personal commenting 

	 - Collab
		 - App launch with session context

- Chat w Rozy CPA
	 - Agenda
		 - Advice on capital gains

		 - Do you do taxes?

		 - How much do you charge?

	 - About Rozy
		 - Got trained under DJ and learned from him

		 - Then she moved to US for several years

		 - Now they're connected

		 - Independt CPA firm in US

	 - Gave her overview of my situation

	 - Seems very smart

	 - Billing is 125/hr - may take 5-7 hours

- 1-1 w [[Susan Xu]]
	 - Braze can send IAM to both signed in and anonymous users

	 - Susan to start slack thread with srinivas to verify LM events

	 - DONE Write email to Gaurav / Brandy / Christina #[[LM-misc]] #2022-W16 [[April 20th, 2022]]
		 - Dual goals of the test: ARR impact and also business value
			 - Understand conversion of LM

			 - Validate

	 - 

- Feedback call w [[Krupa Doshi]] for [[Facebook PM Interview]] 2022
	 - Feedback looking positive - not yet sure if we are getting

	 - Next step: debrief

	 - Hiring vs not / leveling

	 - Write a note to Sagar - 

- 1-1 w [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - DONE Get line item for Ashu

	 - DONE Ask Shikhar - is DC Share and Review a subset of Acro Web?
		 - DC Collaboration MAU = Number of unique visitors with "Page = Initial Startup:DCWebApp:DCWebAppLaunched" and (v55) SessionContext contains "track" OR "review" = 9.7M for the month of March

		 - Acrobat Web MAU = Number of unique visitors with "Page = User actions:Document actions:Document opened" and (v47) Calling App Name (evar47) = 27M for the month of March

	 - DONE Ask Ramya - about 

- Meet w [[Anand Taralika]] and [[Allen Ellison]]
	 - DONE Page count distribution for docs > 200 pages #[[LM-Mobile]]

	 - Issue with Readability themes - DX currently uses relative font sizes rather than absolute

	 - DX release delayed to June - tables analytics bug fixes 

	 - Can we do a staged rollout for DX? - requires more client side involvement from iOS team. Control vs. thumbs-up/down

	 - 

- [[Therapy]] with [[Amrita]]
	 - Practicing appreciation and validation of rukma. Eg. validate Tidying up 

	 - Why I love you yofay notepad

	 - My ocod makes me flat emotional 
