- Inbox
	 - DONE Wrote to LI about offer

	 - DONE One medical sleep and strattera?

	 - DONE Reschedule tucker

	 - DONE Social / Piyush

	 - DONE Pranay

	 - DONE Wellness fund use #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]]  #2022-W19

	 - DONE Clarify readability item [[April 19th, 2022]]

- 1-1 w [[Ramya Gogineni]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Intro

		 - Acrobat Web vs. Chrome Extension

	 - Ramya talking to PR about getting media attention for Web

	 - DONE Create wiki on innovations considered for 
		 - 

- HM chat w [[Anthony Yau]] for [[Intuit]] PM role
	 - About Anthony
		 - been w Intuit for 1.5 yrs

		 - Lead PM for Turbo Tax Retention - never lose a customer; conversion improvements and retention improvements

		 - Focus on identifying at-risk customrs and finding their problem why they're leaving - and finding ways to make them stay

	 - DONE LM feedback - people who click through from the promo are different than people who click through organically

	 - Problem space
		 - Identify at-risk customers

		 - Managing AI to power the experiences

		 - How to detect at risk customer

		 - Manage portfolio of models

	 - Stakeholders / team
		 - I'm focused on model development; collaborate with product PM - but all within team

		 - Engineering team - 

	 - Feedback
		 - Very happy to hear that I am focused on modeling

	 - Interview process - assess for awesome
		 - 3-4 hour final-round loop

		 - 1st hour - present on a case question - work for a week on it

		 - Present to 4 people, including HM - get questions along the way

		 - Follow-up 3 hours: all on the case and how you're thinking about it

		 - Anthony invested 30-40; but on average 15 hours or so.

		 - 

- Intuit
	 - Intuit wants to interview me for a Principal PM role for Turbo Tax AI. Do you think I should do it?

Pros: It's a Principal level role and I could get to Group PM pretty quickly from there. Also the AI role seems pretty interesting.

Cons: They want me to spend like 10 hours making a presentation and then 4-5 hours of interviews. Also not sure if Intuit has a great reputation / PM culture compared to the other companies I'm targeting.

- 1-1 [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Business value deck - esp 

		 - Reading rulers

		 - Acrobat web

	 - DONE Investigate Google Docs for Aditya [[April 19th, 2022]]

	 - DONE Send email to Gaurav / Brandy / Christina on experimentation

	 - DONE Chromebook demo #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W17

- 1-1 [[Pallav Vyas]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Pallav / Aditya check-in

		 - PRD review

		 - Materials for new hires 

	 - Deci plan
		 - Android CoD
			 - Model eval: Pallav/Laurie

			 - Objective eval: Pallav/Laurie

			 - Subjective eval: Vishal / ankit team again

			 - IR / MA tuning if needed

		 - iOS CoD
			 - Model eval and objective eval: Pallav / Laurie

			 - Subjective eval: maybe we don't need to worry

			 - May need eval from Vishal team.

		 - Android Server
			 - Objective eval and subjective eval: Vishal's team

			 - If problem with IR or MA, then we need Ankit's team to do tuning.

			 - Need Nikhil K team to deploy new model in pipeline - first for testing (subjective eval), then broader

	 - Model evaluation
		 - Model eval: comparing MEEP scores of models

		 - Objective eval: Model is then bundled with demo app - runs whole pipeline - generates FTPDF / then run same pipeline with Baby Yoda

		 - Subjective eval:

	 - DONE Materials on pipeline / coD / auto-open
		 - Reach out to David Rees and Chan woo for diagrams of pipeline

		 - Presentation from Dejan - ask him

- [[Waymo]] chat w [[Tuyen]] and [[Jill Verhaeghe]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Timeline - I had a final round interview this week - call

		 - No HM on interview?

		 - Any feedback?

	 - Product team
		 - Cedric owns - hardware, applied research, trucking, lots of stuff

		 - HM is David

		 - Cedric reports to VP, who reports to CPO

	 - Interview panel
		 - Luke - peer to David reports into Cedric - PM - case question - product design / strategy / analytics / some behavioral

		 - Congcong (Song-song) - Tech lead on perception / SWE / technical aptitude / some behavioral

		 - Mai - peer to Luke and David - ML / infra platform - general product design / strategy

		 - Peter - SWE for mapping - tech lead

	 - Comp
		 - Base is highly competetive

		 - Bonus is 15%

		 - Stock is Waymo

		 - Cash out via: IPO, buy-out, liquidity event (last was July 2020)

	 - General tips
		 - Case questions - 
			 - Ask clarifying questions

			 - Clarify assumptions

			 - Create structure and define problem statement

			 - Creativity - provide multiple solutions

			 - 

	 - DONE Questions to prep for
		 - Why Waymo? Why this role?

- 
