- Call w [[Rajjeet Kadian]] and [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Review participation rate is important - but it's too low right now to report

	 - This is actually high priority

	 - Mobile web - not supporting commenting

	 - Strategy is to get user to install the app when they try to review / comment

- Inbox
	 - DONE Outside lands tix #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Aditya - end date negotiation #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W18 [[May 2nd, 2022]] [[May 3rd, 2022]]
		 - Hi Aditya, regarding our end date discussion — I'd be happy to accommodate your request to extend my end date until Wednesday 4/25, but I'd like to take one extra PTO day: I'm on PTO next Friday 5/13 to attend my UPenn graduation, and I'd like to extend that by one more day to include Thursday 5/12 as well. Let me know if that works for you. We can also discuss further at our upcoming 1-1.

		 - Hi Aditya,

Further to our 1-1 meeting, I'm writing to officially notify you that I would like to resign from my job at Adobe and would like my last day at Adobe to be May 25, 2022.

I am extremely grateful to Adobe as an employer and to you as a manager for my professional development and growth as a product manager during my time at Adobe, and I hope our paths will cross again in future!

Best,
Nikhil

		 - --ARCHIVE--

		 - I already provided 3.5 weeks of advance notice, which I feel is above and beyond the standard 2 weeks notice that most people provide.

		 - The HM at Meta wants me to start by May 31

		 - I would like to take a break
			 - During the week of May 23-27, my parents are actually traveling to the US to attend a family friend's wedding in the east coast, and I wanted to spend some time with them.

		 - Could we come to some sort of compromise agreement where I can stay
			 - Option 1: PTO entire NYC week; work remaining time

			 - Option 2:  

		 - 

	 - DONE Home office set up #[[[[Projects]]-Work-someday]] 
		 - Computer: 
			 - Apple MacBook Pro 16

			 - M1 Pro processor . 32GB RAM . 512GB hard drive

		 - 2 monitors

		 - Arm for monitors

		 - Dock for monitors + power + ethernet
			 - https://smile.amazon.com/Docking-Station-Monitor-MacBook-Display/dp/B08P5GXPHH/

			 - 

- DONE Acrobat web thread
	 - lm-acrobat-web

	 - Hi all! I'm starting this channel to discuss plans for Liquid Mode for Acrobat in web browsers.

	 - I believe that Vivek's and Matthew's teams have already been collaborating on the POC since Q2, and are actively hiring dedicated engineering resources specifically for this project. Therefore I was surprised to see that "Liquid Mode support for Acrobat JS" has been marked as "not included" in the Acrobat Web Q3 PPC / 1-N list. 

	 - Could one of you please clarify the current status of this of this project from the Acrobat Web side? Also, please feel free to add anyone else to this thread who I might have missed. Thanks!

- DONE Gaurav Acrobat PRD #[[LM-Mobile]]  #2022-W18 [[May 3rd, 2022]]
	 - Hi Gaurav — For your Acrobat H2 PRD's H1 summary and H2 needle movers slides, I'm assuming we can't have more than a couple of bullet points at most for Liquid Mode, so I thought it would be better to just write them in this email and you can include them in the slide. 

	 - H1 summary
		 - **Increased monthly files read to 75M+**: Completed roll-out of auto-open phase 1 on Android (server and CoD) and iOS

		 - **Reduced CoGs and user cancelations**: improved conversion speed to <2.5s via CoD and provisional conversion

	 - H2 needle movers
		 - **Increase monthly files read to 100M by end of FY22**: ship DTM to increase % of files qualified for auto-open and expand LM eligible device locales

		 - **Further reduce CoGs and user cancellations**: improve conversion speed via Deci and common initialization

		 - **Improve user experience**: test redesigned auto-open prompt; ship dark mode and readability improvements; ship personal and shared commenting

		 - 
