- Inbox
	 - DONE Maintain gift wish list - e.g. Shonai #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Find winery in bay area #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE NYC plan - detail #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - Meta tasks
		 - DONE Background check   #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W18

		 - DONE Thank interviewers
			 - Hi XX, thanks so much for taking the time to interview me. I'm very happy to let you know that I've accepted an offer to join Meta next month! I want to thank you for your role in my journey to Meta, and I look forward to meeting you after I join! :) 

		 - DONE Gifts for friends #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W18
			 - Find online gift basket store
				 - https://sendoso.com/blog/best-gift-sending-services/

				 - Sugar wish

				 - Harry and david

			 - Note
				 - Thank you so much for helping me with my recruiting journey. 

			 - List of people
				 - Pong - high
					 - Hi Brian, thanks so much for helping me with my journey to Meta — I couldn't have done it without your help! 😊

				 - Wisher - high
					 - Hi Rick, thanks so much for being an amazing mentor to me and for helping me with my career progression! 😊

				 - Hossam - high
					 - Hi Hossam, thanks so much for helping me with my journey to Meta — I couldn't have done it without your help! 😊

				 - Flores - medium
					 - Hi Nick, thanks so much for helping me with my journey to Meta! 😊

				 - Ashok - medium
					 - Hi Ashok, thanks so much for helping me with my journey to Meta — I couldn't have done it without your help! 😊

				 - Race - medium
					 - 

			 - Hi Hossam, I’m sending you a Sugarwish! Click the link to see your gift: https://sugarwish.com/receiver/card/ss-YBTC-3RK2T

		 - DONE Vacation plan #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W20
			 - 

		 - DONE MCIT social media  #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W19 #2022-W20 [[May 17th, 2022]]
			 - YT Clip
				 - 1:49:34 - 1:49:49

			 - Sequence 1
				 - 10:15 - 13:42

			 - Sequence 2
				 - 13:45 - 18:30

			 - FB / Insta
				 - I graduated from UPenn with a master's degree in computer science. I've been doing this part-time alongside my full-time job for the past two years, and now I'm finally done!

			 - Video
				 - Airdrop mp4 - "failed to save item. Save to iCloud Drive instead?"

				 - https://community.adobe.com/t5/premiere-pro-discussions/can-t-airdrop-premiere-project-exported-as-mp4-quot-failed-to-save-item-save-to-icloud-drive-instead/td-p/10644689

			 - LI
				 - I graduated from UPenn with a master's degree in computer science. I've been doing this part-time alongside my full-time job for the past two years, and now I'm finally done! 😊

Thanks to Adobe for supporting my journey with product management and computer science: https://www.linkedin.com/posts/nikhilmaddirala_adobelife-activity-6686712188641656832-f_SG?utm_source=linkedin_share&utm_medium=member_desktop_web

		 - DONE LI post - Meta #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W23 [[June 7th, 2022]]
			 - I'm sad to leave Adobe but excited to begin a new journey at Meta! 😊

			 - Adobe hired me as a fresh MBA graduate in 2019, empowered me to meaningfully impact two great Adobe products (Adobe Acrobat and Adobe Experience Platform), helped me grow into a Senior Product Manager with expertise in AI/ML, and generously supported my pursuit of a part-time master's degree in computer science. For this amazing growth and learning, I'm extremely grateful to everyone I've worked with at Adobe and especially to my managers: Aditya Baul, Saurabh Mahapatra, Pari Sawant, and Rick Wisher.

			 - At Meta, I'm looking forward to making a positive impact as a Product Manager on the Ads Core ML team: one of the world's largest ML teams, serving billions of users and millions of businesses. Thanks to everyone who helped me with my journey to Meta: Sagar Pilania, Hossam Tewfik, Brian Pong, Ashok Pothiyot, Nick Flores, Marvin Kim, and Krupa Doshi.

			 - Onwards and upwards! 🚀

			 - What are you looking for in interviews?
				 - Other companies
					 - A bit of this and that

				 - Meta
					 - We have exactly three interviews - Product Sense, Execution, and Leadership & Drive

			 - What kind of questions can I expect?

			 - Do you have any feedback from my interviews?
				 - Other companies
					 - Sorry, we can't disclose any feedback.

				 - Meta
					 - Your first round execution interview was great, but you should work on your product sense interview more. Your product sense interviewer was very impressed with the range of stakeholders that you considered in designing an app for the DMV, but you could have gone broader in the user problems you identified.

				 - 

	 - DONE Lauren reply
		 - Hi Lauren — Thanks very much again for the offer. Unfortunately, I regret to inform you that I will not be moving forward with this offer at this time.

I really enjoyed all the conversations I had throughout the interview process, and I think Linkedin has a fantastic product culture, but I'm currently pursuing a couple of other roles which are more closely aligned with my career goals.

I'd love to keep in touch and to reach out to you again next time I'm on the market. Meanwhile, I wish you and Rob all the very best with your search! 

	 - DONE Rukma pin topics - buying house, tax planning #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Quarterly house keeping #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Shinzen dissving world melting heart #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Love notes - AMazon

- Call w [[Krupa Doshi]] for [[Facebook PM Interview]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Where are we in the process? What all steps?

		 - Excitement
			 - Long journey

			 - Excited about Meta and Sagar's team

		 - Leveling

		 - My situation
			 - LI offer - need to respond today - can probably push by a day or two, but doesn't look good

			 - Another final round on Monday.

		 - What I want
			 - If Meta can match

	 - Notes
		 - Approved for offer at IC5

		 - Admin approval - end of day today

		 - Comp - needs back and forth

	 - Max band
		 - 210 base

		 - Equity - 500 - 520

		 - Sign on- 40-50k

		 - Beyond this - bonus multipliers and refreshers

		 - Can get to 425k 

	 - Additional comp each year
		 - Base
			 - Base gets a small bump

		 - Refreshers
			 - IC5 refreshers - up to 218k - over 4 years

		 - Bonus
			 - If you get beyond meets expectation, you get more than 15%

	 - Promotion cycle
		 - Promos every six months

		 - Takes about 2 years

		 - Base will get

	 - Remote vs. in-office
		 - Remote vs 

	 - Address 

	 - Boot camp dates
		 - 31st - start date

		 - Boot camp - June 1 - 15

		 - 

- Meet w [[Rajjeet Kadian]] and [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Rajjeet didn't show up

	 - Create a template for what's happening in LM newsletter

	 - 

- 1-1 w [[Matthew Hardy]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review PRD items

	 - 

- 
