- 1-1 w [[Shikhar Kohli]]
	 - Who is Shikhar?
		 - Shikhar owns viewer

		 - Others own extensions

	 - Agenda

	 - Anonymous users bug
		 - Every anonymous user was being counted as new user for Chrome extension - bug

	 - How to separate
		 - Share and Review is different from Acrobat Web

		 - Share and Review not signed

		 - Acrobat web needs to be signed in

	 - Share and Review
		 - Rajjeet - owns the Share and Review viewer experience

		 - DONE Shikhar can share AA dashboard

		 - 

- Androind bugs
	 - DONE Document DCMAA-39415 - auto open pref

	 - Welcome doc excluded

	 - 2 hrs / week doing this as a side project

- Chat w [[Jill Verhaeghe]] recruiter from [[Waymo]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Leveling

		 - Interview process

	 - Role - Perception team PM
		 - Responsible for generating and processing data about the world.

		 - Two focus areas: 
			 - occlusion tracking
				 - Need to understand what we cannot see. Where are the spaces? What important questions to ask?

				 - Communicate with perception and planner teams.

				 - No one working on this now

			 - Mapping
				 - How and when to update the map when the world changes?

		 - Work cross functionally with perception, mapping, offboarding

	 - Role org
		 - Reporting to David Marginess - Group PM for mapping and perception
			 - Team of three - becoming 4

		 - David reports to Director of Product Cedric Dupont then CPO

	 - Leveling
		 - L4 or L5 - Determined by interview process - throughout

	 - Interview process
		 - HM call 30-45 min
			 - Behavioral + case / technical

		 - Panel: 4-5 xfn - product + technical
			 - Product insights, design, analytical, technical

		 - 

- 1-1 [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - New check-in process

		 - Lunch tomorrow

		 - LM Navigator review

		 - DX - on track

		 - Analytics
			 - Randy becoming bottleneck

	 - Microsoft meeting
		 - Meet w product director who owns ODSP

		 - Wrapping up POC this quarter, but this director thinking about long term play - what's the future of LM?

	 - DONE LM analytics - Randy bottleneck - recreate segments

	 - DONE Aditya's Deck for Microsoft - update business value slides #[[LM-misc]] #2022-W11 [[March 17th, 2022]]

	 - 

- DCAI interview w [[Ha Phan]]
	 - My feedback
		 - + Product intuition - Problem is a good insight. It's the same problem DCAI strategy is solving for.

		 - + Passionate about problem solving

		 - + Humble and open to learning

		 - - Guided too much by intuition. Didn't focus on user research - when Aditya probed about this she talked about market research and her intuition 

	 - Most other people said no

- 
