- Layoff impact
	 - Family and friends
		 - I'm feeling grateful and relieved that I was not among the 11k+ employees laid off at Meta today! 🙏

	 - LI
		 - Today is a sad day at Meta (Facebook) with 11k+ employees laid off.

		 - ❤️ I feel love and care for all my amazing colleagues who were laid off

		 - 🙏 I feel grateful and relieved that I was not laid off

		 - 😟 I feel anxious and worried about the future

		 - If I can do anything to support you (help with recruiting / interviewing / etc. or even if you just want to talk), please don't hesitate to reach out! 🤗

	 - Discuss w Shabnam / Sagar
		 - Any guidance on how to handle with xfn teams? Meetings, etc.?

	 - WP DMs
		 - Hi NAME, hope you're doing well! I just wanted to share some of my feelings on this difficult day (https://fburl.com/774vskz7) and let you know that my door is open to chat / talk / support in any way I can! ❤️

	 - WP group messages
		 - Hi team, I just wanted to share some of my feelings on this difficult day (https://fburl.com/774vskz7) and let you know that my door is open to chat / talk / support in any way I can! ❤️

	 - WP group replies
		 - Thanks for reaching out and making me feel cared for on this difficult day. I just wanted to share some of my feelings on this difficult day (https://fburl.com/774vskz7) and let you know that my door is open to chat / talk / support in any way I can! ❤️

- 1-1 [[Mandeepak Singh]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Virtual summit

	 - His overall focus areas
		 - Privacy x Measurement

	 - Intake form
		 - Simplify questions

		 - Learn about analytical framework from Yuhui

	 - 

- DONE Exercise goals
	 - Types of exercise
		 - Movement - walking

		 - Cardio - LISS / HIIT

		 - Strength - 

		 - Back + core

	 - Options
		 - Move low + cardio low + strength low
