- 1-1 w [[Sagar Pilania]]
	 - DONE Prioritize ads dogfooding

	 - DONE SL sub-pillar update meeting - ask Shantanu Kolay - ask Amberto fwd

	 - Learning in phases
		 - phase 1 - ads - do the dogooding

		 - phase 2 - rankings - work with a TL to understand how does an ad get ranked, what are all the different components, and what did signal loss do. What are all the different types of models we have.

	 - Roadmap 
		 - Adscore through model iteration - this is the area I'm focusing on for OBA

		 - OBA / 3PD review doc

- Core ML team meeting w [[Shabnam Erfani]], [[Sagar Pilania]], [[Arun Rao]]
	 - Pmm will be joining our next offsite

- 1-1 w [[Marvin Kim]]
	 - DONE I should go to NYC? - ask Sagar, Marvin said it's relevant
		 - Hey Sagar! I just had my 1-1 with Marvin this afternoon, and he asked me to reach out to you about me attending the Signal Loss Mitigation summit in NYC next month. He said you guys had discussed that this summit would be relevant for me to attend?

	 - Types of signal loss

	 - DONE Ads score roadmap for H2 - Marvin shared - reach out to all people on there

	 - Mastercook - model release process - happens 2-3 times per half

	 - Big picture: how are we mitigating SL?
		 - Non-confidential stuff
			 - Leverage learning from opt-in folks: ML improvements, transfer learning, synthetic data (e.g. GAN generated deep-fakes)

			 - Leverage aggregated and anonymized data: AAL

		 - Confidential stuff
			 - Apple provides PCM - aggregated conversion data - but we're not using PCM because it's not useful and we have to redirect users from our app to Safari; instead, we use the data we get from 3p but put it through our own equivalent privacy preserving stuff; FB is actually very conservative compared to TIkTok and other adtech companies

			 - ATT de-ID; we have 100% label recovery for web

			 - OBA - we are using anonymized data for learning

	 - NM hole: we are focusing mostly on web ads, not on app ads. Situation is more dire for app ads.

- Inbox
	 - DONE Email Anand MF

	 - DONE Not getting Sms notifications on my watch

	 - TODO Shoes for walking #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Unknown youtube searches

	 - DONE change watch strap

	 - TODO New england lobster market and eatery https://yelp.to/mH0crdeVwrb #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - 
