- Inbox
	 - DONE Find right position for lumbar roll #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W20

	 - DONE Return AC?

	 - DONE Schedule mock interviews for FB
		 - Hi Hossam — Hope you're doing well! 😊 I'm tentatively scheduled for a final round PM interview with Meta on Monday 4/18, and I was wondering if you might be able to spare some time for a mock Product Sense interview with me?

If yes, could you please propose a couple of times that work for you? Or feel free to pick a time from my Calendly link: https://calendly.com/nikhil-maddirala

If you're busy and don't have time for this right now, I totally understand. No pressure at all. You've been super helpful in the past already! 😊

	 - DONE Brian caplan parenting book

	 - DONE Review PM prep: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-uPt-trpEIY

	 - 

- DONE How to better communicate value of LM? [[April 7th, 2022]]
	 - Newsletter

	 - Milestone based updates

- Team meeting w [[Randy Swineford]], [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Redoing pricing and packaging
		 - Desktop: Want to change pro to 19.99/month and add more high-end features including AI features

		 - Joydeep is leading this effort - talk to Joydeep and Todd on this

	 - DONE Create slides for Todd update #[[LM-Mobile]] #2022-W17

	 - DONE What's the delta for personal commenting vs shared review

- Chat w [[Prerna Dogra]] hiring manager for [[NVIDIA]]
	 - Random: she missed the meeting and 7 mins later the recruiter came to tell me that Prerna was pulled into an urgent meeting. Red flag? Not sure ... even Aditya is like this right now.

	 - About Prerna and the role
		 - PM for NVIDIA - healthcare - focused on medical imaging

		 - NVIDIA business units / layers
			 - Hardware

			 - CUDA / accellerated stack / AI libraries / visualization / etc.

			 - Specialized industries - autonomous driving, healthcare

		 - Federated learning within healthcare
			 - Build robust models with multiple datasets in a privacy preserving manner

			 - NVIDIA Flare - open source SDK for federated learning

			 - The role is to move from healthcare to the generalized second layer of the stack

		 - FLARE - Federated runtime application runtime environment
			 - Persona - Federated learning researchers - across university and industry
				 - Use cases - need to encrypt weights such that it can't be reverse engineered

			 - Persona - Data scientist at a company
				 - I have my own model and pipeline, and I want to make it federated; e.g. Fraud detection

			 - Persona - Platform developers
				 - E.g. American college of radiology has an AI lab platform.

				 - Want to build a platform as a service for federated learning

	 - Case question - north star metric for NVIDIA Flare
		 - Talked about open source business models

	 - My feedback
		 - Prerna seems really smart and articulate; I think she's a great PM; 

		 - Role is a lot about biz dev with specialized knowledge

		 - 

- DONE Buy new portable ac #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]
	 - Midea duo - great all around - 599

	 - https://www.homedepot.com/p/FRIGIDAIRE-GALLERY-13-000-BTU-Portable-Air-Conditioner-with-Wi-Fi-Control-in-White-GHPC132AB1/312533750?=&irgwc=1&cm_mmc=afl-ir-197432-456723-&clickid=R7MQtMWJBxyIWO7Uo7Vva0OcUkGVnP0K0Tugww0

	 - 
