- 1-1 [[Yuhui Ouyang]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review OBA doc 

		 - Are 2022 goals correct?

		 - What else for 2023?

	 - Goals
		 - DONE Shuai + Xiaoyuan note

		 - Wait till BT conclusion - 1-2 weeks

		 - DONE Talk to Guang / Chuck #[[[[Projects]]-SG]]

		 - Need to drive XFN work for 

- 1-1 [[Antony Ho]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Learn about PMM org - who is responsible for delivery / conversion

		 - Can we record interviews?

	 - DONE Set up test live recording #[[[[Projects]]-MPC]] [[August 24th, 2022]]

	 - 

- DONE PC HC ask [[August 23rd, 2022]]
	 - Hi Matthew/Igor — Since Signal Gain in Ads Delivery (especially MPC for Delivery Health and MPC-ML) will need HC from from both Core ML and PC teams next year, I wanted to make sure we are both including these asks in our 2023 napkin HC asks. Could you please clarify what is the goal for next year and what is included in your asks? Thank you!

- PXFN meeting w [[Sen Yuan]], [[Brett Pailet]], [[Matthew Feucht]]
	 - I have no idea what happened

- 1-1 [[Sen Yuan]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Follow-up from pxfn meeting and next steps

	 - MPC-ML goes beyond PCO
		 - CO is one product

		 - LAW

		 - Can also do lookalike targeting

	 - 2023 HC planning
		 - Goal is to do a live pilot test with some advertisers

		 - HC asks from Infra, Delivery, and PC

		 - Core ML
			 - Integration with dper / 1DCT OC model

		 - PC
			 - Need to 

- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]
	 - Agenda
		 - PC HC ask

		 - MPC-ML PXFN - APT review - how to prioritized 

		 - Review OBA doc

	 - PC HC
		 - We have to ask John H for HC

	 - APT prioritization
		 - Marvin manages the prioritization

	 - 

- 1-1 [[Sonam Saxena]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Update from Sagar - we'll do follow-up interviews

		 - Do you have more contacts?

	 - ...

- OBA mitigation weekly

- DONE Yale - Meta event - get people #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W34  [[August 24th, 2022]]
	 - Hi SOM'ers! I'm working with Yale SOM's CDO and Meta's recruiting team on a Meta x Yale SOM virtual recruiting event in October / November and we're looking for volunteers from this group to talk about their background and role at Meta. Please like this message / reply here / message me if you're interested in participating. Thank you!

More info: https://docs.google.com/document/d/163y9h1DFef19wU45U0nY8Kshf-9zlxiGHmu8QmX0DnQ/edit?usp=sharing

- DONE Ask for delivery PMM #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W34 [[August 24th, 2022]]

- Core ML team meeting w [[Shabnam Erfani]], [[Arun Rao]], [[Sagar Pilania]], etc.

- 1-1 [[Hiral Parekh]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Intros

		 - Can PETs contribute to improving opt-in?

	 - Hiral's goals
		 - top-line goal is to increase opt-in rates for high average revenue areas - US, UK, Japan, etc.

		 - Want to get 1% opt-in per half; mostly comes from flipping existing users rather than new users

		 - Opt-in includes ATT + OBA opt-in - it means dual opt-in

	 - PET project
		 - Hiral worked with Marvin on this project - about FL impact on 3pd opt-in; didn't get good results

		 - Probably it's a long term initiative - as the world moves in this direction it makes sense, but it's hard for Meta to lead this initiative 

	 - Her asks of ML
		 - Can we immediately bump up the personalization for a user who immediately opts-in

		 - Can we preview how good the ads could be in the up-sell?

		 - DONE User opt-in experimentation w Hiral #[[[[Projects]]-Work-someday]] #[[[[Projects]]-Work-someday]]
			 - Experiment to make ads temporarily worse to get more opt-in; alternatively - can we make ads immediately better after they opt-in to partial OBA opt-in

		 - 

	 - 1PD strategy
		 - Many teams working on this - 

- 1-1 [[Saied Tahaghoghi]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review OBA doc

		 - List of models owned by CDP vs. Core ML?

		 - If I have new ideas - who to talk to?

	 - DONE Ask Yejing / Fan about Ads Score LRP

	 - DONE Ask Lin what help he needs from MSR

- 1-1 [[Qifan]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review OBA doc - does it look right?

		 - Review measurement plan

		 - When to set goals for 2023?

	 - About Qifan
		 - Responsible for measurement - HBT for Core ML and CDP

		 - Also involved in SL system understanding

	 - 1x00 - 

- 1-1 [[Fan Yuan]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Review OBA doc

	 - CAPI vs. pixel
		 - CAPI is first-party data to advertisers; this has less restriction than pixel

		 - Now the assumption has changed

	 - DONE Add Fan to MPC-ML meeting

	 - OBA Policy
		 - Ask Mike to find the PoC on who to talk to for redefining the ADUF flags
