- Inbox
	 - DONE iOS Steven bug #[[LM-Mobile]] #2022-W21

	 - DONE Travel nail clipper #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - TODO Gift list - ma, Shonai #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] 
		 - Boots

		 - Shoes

		 - India - towels

		 - Research BIFL men's items

		 - New apple watch this year

	 - DONE Better shower caddy #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - TODO Ribbon farm books list #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Read-later]]

	 - DONE Make to read list #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W25

	 - DONE Sell MCIT GOWN #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W20
		 - Hi all, I graduated last week, and I'm selling my Penn regalia (graduation outfit) if anybody is interested. The Penn regalia is a requirement for graduation. I paid $114 (including tax and shipping), and I'd be happy to sell it for $50.  More details in this thread. 

		 - I wore it only for a couple of hours so it's like new (except it's a bit wrinkled so you might have to iron it). The gown size is 56 - intended for those in the 5‘6“ to 5‘8“ height range. 

		 - I'll give it to the first person who responds to this thread who can pick it up from me at the Heritage Park event this Sunday.

	 - DONE Elastic laces #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - TODO https://www.yogabody.com/21-day-hips/ #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - 

- LM auto open prompt response
	 - Problem statement
		 - Several users are voicing complaints about LM prompts in the Acrobat Mobile apps. There are two main complaints we want to address: (1) some users are seeing the promos too often, and (2) there is no obvious CTA to dismiss the promos.

	 - Hypothesis
		 - Our hypothesis is that the user problems are primarily due to our expansion of the number of users seeing the auto-open promo. 

		 - The rise in user complaints is strongly correlated with the expansion of auto-open promos over the past several months. 

		 - Moreover, the auto-open promo may be perceived as aggressive, because the only two options offered are "always" and "just once".

	 - Proposed solution
		 - Rather than showing the auto-open promo to users before they even enter LM (as we were previously doing), we will now show the auto-open promo only after users enter LM.

		 - The user's options will be "okay" and "maybe later", with the following logic for promo frequency:
			 - IF user clicks "Okay" → set auto-open pref on, and never show this promo again

			 - IF user ignores the promo or clicks Maybe later → Show the promo again after **d** days up to **n** times max (values of d and n TBD pending internal team discussions.)

		 - We believe this proposal will address the problem statement without any significant negative impact on product metrics. To be sure, we will run this as a controlled A/B test experiment and monitor key metrics before deciding on further expansion.

	 - Timeline
		 - This is already included in the Q3 PPC and we already have commitment from both iOS and Android teams.

	 - References
		 - Wiki: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/dcinnova/LM+Auto-Open+Redesign+Experiment+2022-Q3

		 - Design mock-ups: https://xd.adobe.com/view/urn:aaid:sc:US:40f36b8b-e244-4741-8ade-9ce092989e14/

- Physical therapy
	 - Can move to next 18th Wed 8.30

	 - Dental appointment - I called them and asked if they can move to 7am or 9:30am - and they said they would try!

- [[Therapy]] w [[Tucker Peck]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Job change and career / identity issues
			 - Insurance change - starting new job on June 6 - can you delay the billing for that appointment?

		 - Rukma conflict - can she sit in on a therapy session with us?

		 - How to decide when we're ready for kids?

	 - Job / identity issues
		 - Getting self-definition as a hermit is a stupid thing

		 - I feel like I'm chasing money, status. There's a part of me doing this, and a part of me wanting something else.

		 - Tanha vs. chanda; tanha is like craving (especially stupid craving); chanda is non-stupid craving.

		 - TODO: Give a name to the voice that tells me that I need more. The over-achiever. 

	 - Diagnosis - I have an over-achiever voice that tells me random crap, I should stop listening to it.
		 - This voice provides me with nothing good.

	 - What does the over-achiever voice tell me?
		 - I need to achieve more.

		 - I need to be more productive.

		 - I'm not doing enough.

	 - Summary
		 - OCPD

		 - Achieve 

- 
