- 1-1 [[Saied Tahaghoghi]]
	 - XFN summit series

	 - OBA review calendar

- Ranking strategy doc
	 - The Private Computation (PC) team is developing a solution called Private Computation for Delivery (PC4D), which is focused on calibration, bidding, and QRT. PC4D is targeting a pilot program in 2023-H1. The long term goal is to evolve PC4D into a Private Delivery Optimization product that incorporates ranking models for offsite conversion optimization, value optimization, etc. 

The goal of this document is to describe the strategy for incorporating ranking models into PC4D. We propose a phased approach, where the first phase is a baseline transfer-learning offsite conversion model for the 2023-H1 pilot. In parallel, we will compare various ranking model options (AAL, WALR, etc.) and recommend the best long-term solution together with a phased approach for design and implementation.

- Inbox
	 - TODO Dishwasher freshener #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Meta peer feedback #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W40 [[October 3rd, 2022]]
		 - Hi NAME! I'd really appreciate any feedback you can provide based on the short time we've been working together. Even just one or two lines would be extremely helpful as I continue to ramp up. Thanks in advance! 😄
			 - MPC-ML
				 - Sen Yuan

				 - Antony Ho

				 - Tal Hayat

				 - Milan Shen

				 - Sonam Saxena

			 - SL
				 - Bowen

				 - Yuhui

			 - PM
				 - Marvin

				 - Sagar?

				 - Nick Strumpf

		 - DONE Tal
			 - +
				 - Embracing ambiguity: Tal has done a great job of embracing ambiguity around PC4D + ranking. The integration of ranking + PC4D rapidly fluctuated between several different options proposed by different teams, and there was a lot of ambiguity around which option to choose. Tal was able to quickly rally the core team around a common framework and decision process, leading to alignment on a multi-phased approach to the ranking + PC4D integration.  

				 - Partnering and building inclusion: Tal has done a great job of partnering and building inclusion with several different teams and functions (PC, S&P, Core ML, PMM, PXFN etc.) in a very short period of time to bring together the PC4D + ranking core team and to ensure that everyone's voice is heard.

			 - -
				 - Communicating Effectively: Tal could do a better job of communicating our shared understanding of the PC4D + ranking strategy to a larger group of stakeholders (beyond the core time). Although there is a lot of alignment in the core team, we could do a better job of creating higher level communications for broader audiences. This is something I would like to partner with Tal more closely on in the remainder of this half.

		 - Sen
			 - +
				 - Sen has done a great job of embracing ambiguity and partnering with different teams on MPC-ML. The approach to MPC-ML rapidly fluctuated between several different approaches (integration with PC4D, WALR vs. AAL, etc.), and there was a lot of ambiguity around which approach to choose and why. Sen was able to quickly react to the changing situation and partner across several different teams and functions (PC4D, Core ML, AAL, PM, PXFN, etc.) to create a detailed comparison of the various approaches and their pros and cons across several dimensions. Through his efforts, Sen played a crucial role in driving alignment on a multi-phased approach to the PC4D + MPC-ML.

			 - -
				 - Sen has done a fantastic job of creating comprehensive and detailed documentation describing various technical approaches and their trade-offs. However, Sen could do a better job of synthesizing his documents and making the conclusions and next steps clear to broader non-technical audiences. One suggestion is to always include a TLDR section. This is obviously a shared responsibility between the tech lead (Sen) and the PM (me), and it is something that I would like to partner with Sen on more closely going forward.

		 - 

	 - TODO RSU optimization: https://candor.co/ #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

	 - TODO Start a podcast #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]
		 - Product management

		 - AI

		 - Fantasy and sci-if

		 - Philosophy

	 - Cannabis weed gummies from Charlotte
		 - Beans - labeled on box

		 - Pink mints - 2.5mg thx + 2.5mg Cbd

		 - Yellow gummy - 10mg thc sativa dominant

		 - Green gummy - 10mg thc indica dominant

		 - Joint - white pure beauty pre roll

- Group
	 - Hi SOM friends — We created this group to connect everyone from SOM attending our wedding anniversary party in October. Look forward to seeing you all! 😄

- Deanna
	 - Hi Deanna! I'm writing to request help scheduling another meeting with Sha on "SL+Privacy H1 Roadmapping". I just added you to the group chat so that you have a list of all meeting attendees. Would you be able to help us find 30 mins next week on Monday or Tuesday? Thank you so much! 😄

	 - Thank you!

Required:
Nikhil
Sha
Sri
Rohit
Weiwei
