- Bowen/Amber
	 - Hi Bowen! Amber (who has a lot of experience organizing happy hours) has kindly agreed to help us plan our happy hour next week!

	 - Her recommendation for on-site happy hours is to reserve a room (through the events tool) and order the food and beverages from Doordash.

- 1-1 w [[Shripad Gade]]
	 - About him
		 - Focus on MPC-ML

		 - Trying to scale and productionalize this

	 - DONE Portal unable to blur
		 - Portal feedback

		 - Hi, I just had my first Workplace call on my Portal Plus, and I was unable to find any option to blur my video or set a virtual background. I tried following the instructions in this post, but couldn't find the option anywhere. TIA for any suggestions! 🙏

		 - https://fb.workplace.com/groups/557637738200601/permalink/1030051520959218/

	 - He wants to predict incremental revenue from this

	 - Metric they use for comparison is NE - normalized cross-entropy 

- Mock interview w [[Prateek Batla]] 
	 - Q
		 - FB Messenger - set metrics for health

	 - Product rationale
		 - What is Messenger and what it's used for

		 - Mission of Meta - expounded and connected to Messenger - Good

	 - Listing metrics
		 - Cut out consumer side

		 - Metrics are not clear and measurable

	 - Overall feedback - Q1
		 - Notes was distracting - list of metrics was helpful
			 - What you were saying and what was on the screen was out of sync

		 - Did not take pauses - only did it after reminder

		 - Did not go through the user funnel

		 - I had to keep prompting you to clarify metrics definitions - e.g. you said "number of messages" - is that messages read / sent / what?

		 - Did not connect back to the mission

	 - Q2 - 
		 - Did really well on this

- Bug
	 - Hi, I ran a search for "signal gain in delivery" (using quotes for the search to match the exact string), but the results don't contain the string I searched for!

- Inbox
	 - DONE Plan dinner for parents stay #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Wedding planning again #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - DONE Find how dad can drive car

	 - DONE Recology - extra bag tags #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - 
