- Vidhi update
	 - Hi Vidhi, hope you're doing well! Our team has a proposal for feature versioning (doc linked) that is projected to lead to +0.24% ads score gain, and I was wondering if we could review this proposal as part of your 3PD feature audit? Happy to provide more context here or in a call!

- Rukma - Chrome OS SMB Strategy
	 - Current state of Chrome OS SMB
		 - How many customers are SMB

	 - 

- DONE Review [[Melissa Amaya]] podcast [[September 13th, 2022]]
	 - General
		 - Are you planning to add timestamps for chapters? 

		 - Promotion strategy?

		 - Include interview prep resources?

	 - 0:00 - Intro and Nikhil's background

	 - 8:30 - Academic careers
		 - Discussion of academic career paths for PhDs may not be of much interest to the audience for a tech career podcast

	 - 12:30 - pursuing your interests

	 - 17:00 - PM role

	 - 40:00 - what makes a good PM?

	 - 47:30 - how to get into Product Management?
		 - 49:30 - 50:30 - CEOs coming out of product management - Satya Nadella and Andy Jassy were not PMs

	 - 56:20 - PM interview process

	 - 1:18:00 - career trajectory

	 - 1:20:00 - compensation
		 - Note that compensation includes base + bonus + equity comp - subject to a lot of market variation

	 - Salary
		 - "Firstly, the numbers on levels.fyi are heavily skewed towards SF Bay Area where salaries are much higher than the rest of the USA. Secondly, these numbers refer to total compensation, which includes both fixed compensation (i.e. base salary) and variable compensation (i.e. bonus and equity). With each increasing level of seniority, variable compensation accounts for a larger percentage of total compensation. At my level at Meta variable comp is roughly 40% of my total comp, at the manager level it is roughly 60%, and at the director level and above variable comp is 80%+ of total comp. It is important to note that variable compensation varies significantly based on individual performance, your company's performance, and overall stock market performance. If the stock market is down overall, and/or if your company's performance is down, you may see a significant decrease in compensation. For example, in the first half of 2022, Meta's stock value dropped by over 50%, leading to a significant decrease in employee compensation."

- 1-1 [[Waqas Dhillon]]
	 - DONE Trail recommendations
		 - Muir woods - and others

	 - Waqas working on collaboration model with AI4Ads team - who will do what, etc.

	 - DONE Repeatable process for MBA recruiting #[[[[Projects]]-org-capacity]]

- Playing w [[midjourney]]

- Planning ATL trip
	 - 
