- 1-1 w [[Aditya Baul]]
	 - Agenda
		 - GTM analytics

		 - Limit prompts

		 - Elastic LM

		 - KPI slide

	 - DONE List options for prompting logic #[[LM-Mobile]] #2022-W8 [[February 22nd, 2022]]
		 - List ideas
			 - Cap prompts

			 - Limit number

			 - Prompt at a different time

			 - Changing the prompt - add a No button

		 - Columns
			 - Ideas

			 - Pros / cons

			 - Impact

	 - Aman deck

	 - Acrobat Web
		 - Need Ashu to get sign off

	 - GTM
		 - DONE Feedback on GTM analysis for [[Susan Xu]] Susan #[[LM-Mobile]] #2022-W7
			 - Clarify Definitions
				 - LM / non-LM users

				 - Purchase conversion%

				 - Data sources

			 - Third bullet of summary - what's the point of this?

			 - Isolate western countries for Android

			 - Can we control for the impact of signed in vs signed out? 

			 - Caveat: Auto-open was offered to only free users

		 - Most revenue comes from iOS

		 - Next steps on communicaiton - Todd, Dawn, Aman, Sumit

		 - DONE Aman slides update #[[LM-misc]] #2022-W8 [[February 22nd, 2022]]
			 - 1 slide - Prompt discussion update / - keep MAU status quo and work on improvements

			 - 1 slide - Susan discussion

		 - DONE New presentation on value of LM #[[LM-misc]] #2022-W8

	 - 

- Deepak invite
	 - As part of the MBAs@Adobe Executive Speaker Series, I'm hosting a conversation with Deepak next month where I will be asking him questions about his career journey, his perspectives on product management and leadership, his vision for the future of DC, etc. There will also be plenty of time for the audience to ask questions. I've shared this invite with GRP-DCAI, and I'd love for you all to join if you can make it (even if you don't have an MBA)! 😊

- Inbox
	 - DONE Deepak interview agenda #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W8 [[February 22nd, 2022]]
		 - Introduciton
			 - (Nikhil will introduce the session)

			 - Q: Briefly introduce yourself - feel free to share your professional and personal story

		 - Path to leadership
			 - Q: Describe your career journey from where you started to how you got here?

			 - Q: What advice do you have for recent MBA grads who want to work their way up to leadership positions like yours in future?

			 - Q: What kind of experiences do you think people should prioritize on this path?

		 - Product management
			 - Q: Having worked across different functions in your career, why did you decide to pursue the Product function?

			 - Q: Lots of recent MBA grads these days are trying to transition to Product Management. What advice do you have for such people?

			 - Do you think PM is a better path to leadership compared to other functions?

		 - Adobe Document Cloud
			 - What's your vision for the future of Document Cloud?

			 - 

- 1-1 w [[Pallav Vyas]]
	 - DONE Compare CoD cohort vs. non-COD cohort in terms of LM usage and doc opens #[[LM-Mobile]] #2022-W8

	 - DONE What does anomalies line mean? Ask Analytics PM

	 - CoD future
		 - 

- 1-1 w [[Sagar Pilania]] for [[Facebook PM Interview]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Allocated vs. non-allocated

	 - About Sagar
		 - Ads group at Meta

		 - 2 yrs

		 - Core ML group: efficiently rank ads for user when they open phone

		 - Prior to Meta worked as ML PM / consulting etc.

		 - How to we build ML models that relies less on individual data and more on aggregate / unlabled data

		 - Team drives 3-4Bn dollars of revneu; Responsible for over 90% of company revenue

	 - About me

	 - About the roles
		 - Main problem
			 - 3 Bn users / 10 Mn ads

			 - Over 300 models that guide that journey

			 - Internal metric - Ad score - function of WTP of advertiser for auction

	 - Prep
