- [[[[Projects]]-MPC]] advertiser inbound w [[Mickael Melo]]
	 - Notes to share
		 - About Mickael
			 - Focus on travel industry in Germany - Austria - Switzerland region

			 - Major clients include Deutsche Lufthansa, Sixth, Trivago (global), GetYourGuide, Flexbus (parent of Greyhound)

		 - About Deutsche Lufthansa
			 - Deutsche Lufthansa is the parent company of several airlines including Lufthansa, Swiss Airlines, etc.

			 - Our main focus here is on Lufthansa Airlines; other airlines may be interested at a later stage

		 - Lufthansa Airlines current set-up
			 - Not using CAPI or Pixel due to regulatory concerns

			 - Not optimizing for conversions or lower funnel events; only optimizing for upper funnel events such as brand lift, link clicks, etc.

		 - Lufthansa Airlines future goals
			 - Interested in Private Lift

			 - Interested in conversion optimization if we can offer alternative to CAPI / Pixel (e.g. Private Delivery); ideally interested in 7-day conversion window, but also open to 1-day conversion window to start with

			 - Expected to have sufficiently large conversion frequency

	 - Intros
		 - Mickael 1Y in Meta; working at Trivago / travel industry, then joined travel advertisers in DACH

		 - Main clients: Deutsche Lufthansa, Sixth (rental cars), Trivago (global), GetYourGuide, Flexbus (parent of Greyhound)

	 - Private Lift
		 - Don't have CAPI; can't do conversion lift, so interested in Private Lift

		 - Flexbus also interested

	 - About Lufthansa
		 - Parent organization with a lot of airlines - 

		 - Swiss Airlines - direct response, performance marketing, using pixel for conversion campaigns
			 - Optimizing search event - user search on website; working to build dynamic ads; not enough volume per week to optimize for purchases, that's why they optimize for search; don't get min. 100k purchase per week

			 - 215k search events / 7 days

			 - Purchase events: < 17k / week (total recorded by pixel), but less than half attributed to Meta

		 - Other airlines don't have pixel due to regulations, focused on brand and lift; working with legal to move to conversion campaigns: 
			 - Airlines: Lufthansa

			 - Large volume

			 - Can't do Pixel / Capi because of GDPR; they can't share PII; Private Lift

			 - Blockers for CAPI won't be overcome anytime soon- happy to try

			 - Conversion optimization - usually 7 days; 1 day may be too short

			 - Volume: much larger than Swiss airlines; 

- DONE Yale event work
	 - Group message
		 - Thanks everyone for adding your slides and zoom info. Looking forward to today's event where we're expected to have 50-75 students joining us! Some quick updates:

1. This is the order of presentations [1]. To make logistics easy, I will share the presentation from my screen the whole time, and you can tell me when I need to transition to the next slide.

2. Please speak for 2-3 minutes about your background and your work at Meta. I will not be keeping track of time, but please do that yourself.

3. Our slides are focused on our backgrounds, but while speaking please make sure to also discuss your work at meta and its impact. Please also feel free to talk about you experience of the culture at Meta (e.g. work culture, groups you are part of, etc.). 

4. For the panel Q&A, I will moderate the discussion and call on people who have their hands raised. 

5. For the coffee chats, you will need to moderate your own rooms. Students are free to join any room they like (no sign-ups are needed). Please remind students at the end of the first half-hour that they should move to a new room for the next round.

[1] https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/15F1mYon_NmWzgtjG1EejuLerEG51J4QkrFTL7RaXhqY/edit#slide=id.g17b93433d50_0_154

	 - My mission at Meta
		 - Meta mission: Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together.

		 - Meta Ads mission: Make valuable connections between people and advertisers.

		 - My mission: Serve personalized ads to maximize value for advertisers and users while preserving privacy.

	 - Project highlight: MPC
		 - Secure Multi-party Computation (MPC) is a privacy-enhancing technology that enables Meta and advertisers to learn together by only sharing encrypted and unintelligible data.

- Misc
	 - DONE Replace airpods tips #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W44 [[November 2nd, 2022]]

	 - DONE MPC-ML group updatees #[[[[Projects]]-MPC]] [[November 3rd, 2022]]
		 - Post about new scope

		 - Update group name

		 - Update meeting series

	 - DONE Post about Meta x Yale #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W44 [[November 3rd, 2022]]
		 - Meta x Yale MBA Virtual Tech Trek 2022

		 - TLDR: In our first ever Meta x Yale MBA tech trek we had nearly 70 Yale MBA students connect with 9 alums at Meta for a panel discussion and small group coffee chats.

		 - What happened?
			 - On Nov 1st we held the first ever Meta x Yale MBA tech trek.

			 - Nearly 70 Yale MBA students attended this 2-hour virtual tech trek.

			 - We held a panel discussion and and small group coffee chats with 9 Yale MBA alums at Meta: NAMES

		 - What's next?
			 - Going forward this will be an annual event

			 - Yale's MBA students and their Career Development Office are excited to grow this new partnership, and we are exploring more engagement opportunities.

		 - Thanks 
			 - THANKS to the amazing Yale MBA alums at Meta who presented and held virtual coffee chats with the students: ...

			 - THANKS to Mitchell Peralta and Katie Cowling for inspiring me to organize this event!

- Sync up on 1PD Ads Initiative w [[Sha Meng]], [[Mandeepak Singh]]

- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]
	 - MPC - roadmap doc
		 - What to post wheree?

	 - 1PD review

- Core ML PM Weekly Check-in w [[Shabnam Erfani]], [[Sagar Pilania]], etc.
	 - Understand projects!

- 1PD Growth PM Sync Up w [[Mandeepak Singh]], [[Gerardo Cantu]]
	 - Track 4 - can I expand my doc into canonical doc?

	 - DONE Set up bi-weekly 1-1s w Gerardo + Mandeepak

	 - DONE Get clear goals from Shuai and skill-sets

- Private Delivery Pilot XFN
	 - Review next steps from last week meeting

- Meta x Yale event
	 - Talk track
		 - Agenda slide

		 - Welcome to Meta
			 - Meta is a very mission driven company.

			 - Every product area has its own mission - some of us might talk about the mission of our products.

			 - Pro-tip for interviewing: define a mission for your area in relation to Meta's mission!

			 - Meta Ads mission: Make valuable connections between people and advertisers.

		 - Products
			 - Meta recently went through a re-brand to emphasize that we're much more than just Facebook

		 - Company values
			 - Be direct and respect your colleagues: this one really resonates with me. I've worked in companies where you don't get direct feedback.

		 - Meta Resource Groups

		 - Recruiting FYI
			 - Unfortunately we are unable to provide more clear guidance on recruiting at this time.

			 - We were supposed to have a speaker from the recruiting team, but due to recent policy changes, Recruiting team members are unable to join

	 - Alumni stories
		 - Nikhil Maddirala
			 - My mission at Meta
				 - Meta mission: Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together.

				 - Meta Ads mission: Make valuable connections between people and advertisers.

				 - My mission: Serve personalized ads to maximize value for advertisers and users while preserving privacy.

			 - Project highlight: MPC
				 - Secure Multi-party Computation (MPC) is a privacy-enhancing technology that enables Meta and advertisers to learn together by only sharing encrypted and unintelligible data.

	 - Panel Q&A

	 - Virtual coffee chats

- DONE India December plans - Share CAL plans and progress on December plans #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]] #2022-W48
	 - Dec 11: Arrival in Hyd

	 - Dec 19 - 21: Lake palace trip

	 - 
