- Misc
	 - DONE Update Roam days and weeks for 2023 #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W49

- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]
	 - Updates on pr

	 - PD updates
		 - iRev vs. insurance

	 - 1PD updates

	 - PSC work
		 - Jan 10 - peer and manager feedback due

		 - DONE [[PSC]] seek peer reviews  #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2023-W1 
			 - Message
				 - Hi XX, I'd really appreciate any feedback you can provide for my PSC. Thanks very much in advance! 😊 Just as a reminder, here are some collaborative areas that I contributed to:

			 - TLs
				 - DONE Yuhui
					 - 1PD ads data use: drive XFN / X-org alignment on goals, implementation, and execution plans for Core ML ranking and experimentation workstreams

					 - Feature versioning for surface control mitigation: drive PXFN review and support team on execution

					 - OBA opportunity space review: inform leads on OBA mitigation current status and future opportunity space (ref: https://fb.workplace.com/groups/1186361788627477/permalink/1187886535141669/ )

					 - SL Mitigation Summit in NYC: planning and execution of 2-day summit to deepen our understanding of SL mitigation and strengthen our team + xfn collaboration and relationships (ref: https://fb.workplace.com/groups/2230826913753186/permalink/2242372619265282/ )

				 - Shuai
					 - 1PD ads data use: drive XFN / X-org alignment on goals, implementation, and execution plans for Core ML ranking and experimentation workstreams

					 - Feature versioning for surface control mitigation: drive PXFN review and support team on execution

				 - DONE Maxime
					 - Private Delivery leads: drive XFN and SG leadership alignment on strategy, goals, and HC investment for Private Delivery (ref: https://fb.workplace.com/groups/164332244998024/permalink/1013833030047937/ )

					 - ML for Private Delivery: drive architecture and implementation plan for Core ML ranking + Private Computation integration

					 - SL + Privacy roadmapping: QB for driving alignment on goals, HC, and dependencies for 2023 SL + Privacy roadmap

				 - DONE Dave Wu
					 - Private Delivery leads: drive XFN and SG leadership alignment on strategy, goals, and HC investment for Private Delivery (ref: https://fb.workplace.com/groups/164332244998024/permalink/1013833030047937/ )

					 - ML for Private Delivery: drive architecture and implementation plan for Core ML ranking + Private Computation integration

				 - Tarek?

				 - Shripad?

			 - PMs
				 - DONE Mandeepak
					 - 1PD ads data use: drive XFN / X-org alignment on goals, implementation, and execution plans for Core ML ranking and experimentation workstreams

					 - 

			 - EMs
				 - DONE Bowen
					 - SL Mitigation Summit in NYC: planning and execution of 2-day summit to deepen our understanding of SL mitigation and strengthen our team + XFN collaboration and relationships (ref: https://fb.workplace.com/groups/2230826913753186/permalink/2242372619265282/ )

					 - Roadmapping: QB for driving alignment on goals, HC, and dependencies for 2023 SL + Privacy roadmap

			 - Misc
				 - Mitchell - Laid off
					 - Meta x Yale SOM MBA Recruiting event: End to end planning and execution of virtual tech trek with 70+ MBA students and 9 Yale MBA alums at Meta (ref: https://fb.workplace.com/groups/mbarecruiting/permalink/793559158599404/ )

		 - DONE Write self [[PSC]] #p0 #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2023-W1 [[January 6th, 2023]]
			 - Make very clear expectation vs. delivered across all axes - strategy, execution, capacity

			 - Call out where met vs. exceeded vs. greatly / etc.

			 - Separate out my impact vs. peer impact; call out what "I" personally did

		 - Peer reviews
			 - Priority order: TL > EM > PM > XFN

	 - DONE Will partner HC report to Core ML

	 - 

- PD work - review

- [[[[Projects]]-MPC]] leads meet w [[Tal Hayat]], [[Di Wang]], [[Maxime Boucher]], [[David Wu]]
	 - DONE What's the trade-off

	 - 

- 1-1 [[Sen Yuan]]

- [[Yelp]] Interview w [[Nour Daouk]]
	 - About Nour
		 - PM at Yelp on Ads

		 - Team predicts CVR 

	 - About Core Ads - ad optimization
		 - Ads Quality
			 - Which advertisers do we show

			 - How do we predict CTR

		 - Ad suppply
			 - Where on the page to show ads

			 - How many ads to show

		 - Auctions team
			 - Auto-bidding 

		 - 4 PMs + 6-11 eng each + EM

	 - Non-core ads
		 - Syndication

		 - Features for targeting

	 - Case
		 - Q: 
			 - I joined a search engine company; like Goolge or Yelp; PM of Ads; we want to monetize via search ads; top of organic results

			 - How many ads would you show at most on this page, above organic results

		 - Metrics
			 - Revenue per user

			 - Engagement

		 - Users
			 - Daily active usage

			 - Avg daily number of searches

			 - Usefulness

		 - Monetization metrics
			 - Total revenue

			 - Average revenue per user

			 - $ per click

		 - Advertisers buying clicks

	 - === FRAMEWORKS ===
		 - Generic product framework
			 - Clarify

			 - Why

			 - Who

			 - What - problem

			 - What - solutions

		 - Favorite products
			 - Apps
				 - Roam Research

				 - 1Password

				 - Overcast

				 - Libby

				 - Google maps

			 - Hardware
				 - Kindle

				 - Google Home

				 - Airpods

			 - Non-tech
				 - Coffee pot

			 - Poorly designed - 1 or 2
				 - Facebook Portal TV

				 - 24HF

		 - Framework - Meta Product sense
			 - Clarify understanding
				 - Who is building the product and where?

				 - Clarify understanding of product / product space (e.g. what type of travel?)

				 - Constraints: platform / geography

			 - Introduce structure - let me first discuss how I'd like to approach this question:
				 - WHY are we building this product? What's our mission and objective?

				 - WHO are we building this product for? Who are the target users?

				 - Then discuss WHAT are the user problems that we want this product to solve.

				 - Finally I'll discuss potential solutions for what to build.

				 - If there's more time at the end, we can briefly discuss risks and success metrics for this product.

			 - WHY do/did we build this product? What's our mission and objective?
				 - State company mission: Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. 

				 - __Connect product to company mission__
					 - X is aligned to the company mission, because...

					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Already many communities around XYZ

				 - __Connect product to company strategy__
					 - X is also a good strategic fit within the Meta ecosystem, because...

					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Potentially brings new users into the Meta ecosystem and gives existing users additional value from the ecosystem.

						 - One of Meta's key goals is to enable meaningful interactions between people - X will definitely enable.

						 - Leveraging the Meta ecosystem will give us powerful data that will make X great.

						 - As we transition into the Metaverse, X will become important

						 - Virtuous cycle of engagement.

						 - Competition

						 - Industry trends

				 - __State product mission__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Bring people together and enable meaningful interactions through ...

						 - Enable meaningful interactions through ...

						 - FB Stories (mock): Bring people closer together through daily moments.

						 - Sweetgreen: To inspire healthier communities by connecting people to real food.

						 - Workday: To put people at the center of enterprise software.

						 - Warby Parker: To offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses.

			 - WHY - non-Meta product
				 - What does the company do?
					 - Customers
						 - 

					 - Products / services
						 - 

					 - Other stakeholders
						 - 

					 - Key differentiators
						 - 

				 - Mission
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Sweetgreen: To inspire healthier communities by connecting people to real food.

						 - Workday: To put people at the center of enterprise software.

						 - Warby Parker: To offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses.

			 - WHO are we building this product for? Who are the target users?
				 - __Stakeholders: users / creators / businesses / suppliers / partners / vendors / regulators / govt / employees / etc.__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - User's friends and family

				 - Prioritize by
					 - Mission and strategy - Meta and product (new users / value to existing)

					 - Large group with underserved needs

					 - A great user experience will ultimately benefit all other stakeholders of the product

				 - __User segments__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Goals / needs

						 - Stage of event: before / during / after

						 - User himself vs. friends and family

						 - Engagement level by feature

						 - Frequency

						 - With whom? solo / friends / family / classmates

						 - Level of knowledge / sophistication / interest / access / skill / coordination

						 - Demographics
							 - Life stage - student / young professional / family w kids / elderly

							 - Location

							 - Money

							 - Time

				 - Prioritization 
					 - Mission and strategy - Meta ecosystem and product (new users / value to existing)
						 - Young adults at risk for FB

					 - Large group with underserved needs

			 - WHAT are the user problems faced by our target users?
				 - Recap so far: mission > who

				 - __List user journey steps__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref: user journey
						 - Stages: before, during, after

						 - Two sides: creator / producer

				 - __List user needs and pain points__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref: pain points
						 - Takes too long

						 - Is frustrating

						 - Inefficient 

				 - Prioritize 
					 - Mission and strategy - Meta ecosystem and product (new users / value to existing)

					 - Frequency and severity (for user and MISSION)

					 - Alternatives

			 - What / solution ideas
				 - __List solution ideas (include one moonshot)__ 
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref: FB ideas
						 - Wizard: user inputs + magic = results to solve problem

						 - Chatbot / AI concierge

						 - FB custom group 

						 - Social: connecting people, creating community, collaborating

					 - Ref: general Ideas
						 - AI/ML

						 - AR/VR: in-home product experience

						 - Metaverse

						 - Ambient computing

						 - Growth: Targeted reminders, gamification

				 - Prioritize
					 - Solves specific user problem

					 - Mission and strategy - Meta and product (new users / value to existing)

					 - Confidence - adoption / engagement 

					 - Effort

					 - Competition / Risks

				 - __Solution deep dive__
					 - 

					 - Post-MVP (AI / learning from data)

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Entry point; main steps and call to action; afterwards

						 - Make sure to solve user problem!

			 - Risks and success metrics
				 - Explain mini-framework

				 - __Risks and trade-offs__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Privacy / trust

						 - Competition

						 - Cannibalization

						 - Time to market

						 - Necessary partnerships

						 - Difficulty in technology

						 - Scaling risks

				 - __List metrics: adoption / engagement / retention / monetization__
					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Adoption: Sign-ups / downloads

						 - Engagement: Daily usage / %

						 - Retention

						 - Monetization

						 - Guardrail metrics
							 - Ecosystem level metrics

				 - __Prioritize metric: usually engagement %__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Adoption / engagement / retention / monetization

						 - Default: Engagement is the best measure of how much value our product is providing to users.

				 - __Downsides of metric__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref

			 - Closing
				 - Recap: mission > user > pain point > solution > metric

				 - Paint vision for future
					 - This is just the starting point - we just picked one use case and MVP solution.

					 - The mission is much broader... Meta can become the destination for X

		 - PM Interview - Meta Execution
			 - Goals and metrics framework
				 - Clarify
					 - Clarify product understanding

					 - No constraints - globally across all geos and platforms

				 - Introduce structure - let me first discuss how I'd like to approach this question
					 - WHY do/did we build this product? What's our mission and objective? 

					 - User actions and corresponding metrics we should measure

					 - Prioritize the top 1-2 metrics and discuss some trade-offs involved

				 - WHY do/did we build this product? What's our mission and objective?
					 - State company mission: Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. 

					 - __Connect product to company mission__
						 - X is aligned to the company mission, because...

						 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - Already many communities around XYZ

					 - __Connect product to company strategy__
						 - X is also a good strategic fit within the Meta ecosystem, because...

						 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - Potentially brings new users into the Meta ecosystem and gives existing users additional value from the ecosystem.

							 - One of Meta's key goals is to enable meaningful interactions between people - X will definitely enable.

							 - Leveraging the Meta ecosystem will give us powerful data that will make X great.

							 - As we transition into the Metaverse, X will become important

							 - Virtuous cycle of engagement.

							 - Competition

							 - Industry trends

					 - __State product mission__
						 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - Bring people together and enable meaningful interactions through ...

							 - Enable meaningful interactions through ...

							 - FB Stories (mock): Bring people closer together through daily moments.

							 - Sweetgreen: To inspire healthier communities by connecting people to real food.

							 - Workday: To put people at the center of enterprise software.

							 - Warby Parker: To offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses.

				 - User actions and corresponding metrics we should measure
					 - __Describe user journey and highlight KEY actions__
						 - Creator
							 - 

						 - Consumer
							 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - Launch app

							 - Discover
								 - Newsfeed

								 - Notifications

								 - Groups

								 - Dedicated tab

							 - Click through to landing page

							 - Go through feature flow: view, swipe, type text, add image

							 - Engage with feature: comment, react

							 - Meet engagement threshold

							 - Share in groups / feed

							 - Retain - come back

					 - __List metrics__
						 - Creator
							 - Adoption
								 - 

							 - Engagement
								 - 

							 - Retention
								 - 

							 - Monetization (if applicable)
								 - 

							 - Performance (if applicable)
								 - 

						 - Consumer
							 - Adoption
								 - 

							 - Engagement
								 - 

							 - Retention
								 - 

							 - Monetization (if applicable)
								 - 

							 - Performance (if applicable)
								 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - Adoption: num people using product
								 - Number and % of people using feature daily (e.g. num viewers / day)

								 - Website visits, app downloads, sign-ups

							 - Engagement
								 - Median number of engagements per user per day

								 - % of people who meet engagement threshold

							 - Retention
								 - % retained, week on week

							 - Monetization
								 - ARPU

								 - Conversion % - free to paid

							 - Performance
								 - Success rate / failure rate

								 - Speed: time to open story

								 - Uptime

					 - __List guardrail / umbrella metrics (if applicable)__
						 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - App / ecosystem level: adoption, engagement, retention, monetization

							 - Engagement: Number of meaningful interactions / user / day: feature > product > ecosystem

							 - Time spent in ecosystem / user / day

				 - Prioritize the top 1-2 metrics and discuss some trade-offs involved
					 - __Prioritize metric__
						 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - Engagement > retention > adoption
								 - Tie to MISSION!

								 - Engagement signals that the product is providing value to users and is leading indicator of retention.
									 - Plot retention vs. engagement and look for the inflection point of diminishing returns

								 - Retention signals that people found value once, and loved it enough to come back

								 - Adoption: if we have engagement and retention, adoption is often a matter of awareness

							 - Consumer > creator
								 - Both sides are essential to the ecosystem, and ideally I would like to have one metric for each side.

								 - but if I have to choose just one I would choose consumption

								 - If the user experience for consumption is great, then creators will want to be part of the ecosystem.

					 - __Discuss metric downsides__
						 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - Doesn't tell you the full picture: 
								 - other funnel stages funnel stages 

								 - other side of market

							 - Doesn't tell you what is driving the metric
								 - Avg inventory / consumer

								 - % of inventory that is relevant

							 - Doesn't tell you health of ecosystem - need guardrail metrics
								 - Number of meaningful interactions / user / day: feature > product > ecosystem

								 - Customer sentiment - reviews / social media / etc.

								 - Safety - % of items reported

					 - Set target (OPTIONAL)
						 - See current state

						 - Brainstorm improvements

						 - Estimate impact of improvements

				 - Summarize
					 - Q > mission > metrics > prioritization > downsides

			 - Debugging framework
				 - __Clarify the question__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Define the metric

						 - scope

						 - time span

						 - edge cases

				 - __Exploratory data analysis to contextualize and isolate the key issue__
					 - Map out the funnel(s)
						 - 

					 - Narrow down
						 - 

					 - Time
						 - 

					 - --

					 - I use Adobe Analytics to slice and dice metrics and dimensions - similar at Meta

					 - Ref
						 - Contextualize metric
							 - Absolute numbers lack context - combination of number at the top of the funnel and the conversion rates

							 - All user journey stages leading up to this metric

						 - Narrow down and isolate the metric
							 - Platform: iOS / Android / mWeb / Desktop

							 - Device type: mobile / tablet / desktop

							 - Geo

							 - User segment

						 - Time scale
							 - Gradual vs. sudden change
								 - Sudden = performance / analytics issue / new feature

								 - Gradual = user behavior change

							 - Seasonality?

				 - Mid-point recap

				 - __Hypothesize root causes__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Inventory 
							 - Creation is down > go to creator funnel 

							 - Less items being shows to consumers

						 - Relevance: items shown are not as reelvant

						 - Competition (substitutes / cannibalization)

						 - Customers - change in cohort mix

						 - Performance issues - crashes, slowdowns, bugs

						 - Product changes - new features?

						 - Analytics logging issues

				 - __Summarize__
					 - EDA > Hypotheses > testing

				 - OPTIONAL Advertising metrics debugging
					 - Revenue = A x B x C
						 - A = num people 

						 - B = ads/person 
							 - time spent per person / num searches per person

							 - ad load - num surfaces and frequency

						 - C = $/ad
							 - IF cost per view model
								 - change is due to num advertisers or spend per advertiser

							 - IF cost per click model
								 - CTR x CPC (cost-per-click)

			 - Tradeoff framework
				 - Clarify question and identify as tradeoff

				 - Impact on customers
					 - __List pros and cons - hypotheses__
						 - Pro
							 - 

						 - Con
							 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - 

					 - __Quantitative: monitor key metrics__
						 - 

						 - --

						 - Ref
							 - Metrics positively impacted: (e.g. Metrics for new functionality introduced - for payments)

							 - Metrics negatively impacted:  (e.g. Metrics for other features - messages, calls)

							 - Guardrail metrics at app level: adoption / engagement / retention / monetization

							 - Retention metrics

					 - __Qualitative: surveys and customer itnerviews__
						 - 

				 - __Impact on mission and strategy__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Mission

						 - Strategic considerations

						 - Risks
							 - Privacy

							 - Trust

							 - Security

							 - Regulation

				 - __Test and iterate__
					 - 

					 - Ref
						 - Set up A/B test

						 - Size: 1-5% test and control

						 - Duration: 2-4 weeks (longer if focus on retention)

				 - __Conclude__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Go vs no-go: long-term impact > medium-term impact > short-term impact

						 - Segment audience into two UXs

				 - Recap

			 - Metrics list 
				 - Acquisition and activation
					 - Website visits, app downloads, sign-ups

					 - Advertising funnel: search engine terms, CPA, CPC

					 - Mailing list funnel: open rate, CTR, conversion rate

				 - Engagement and retention (MAU, time spent)
					 - Active users: daily / weekly / monthly

					 - Sessions: number / duration / time spent

					 - Sharing

					 - NPS

				 - Monetization
					 - CLTV

					 - ARPU

					 - MRR

					 - Conversion % - free to paid 

					 - Churn rate

				 - Performance
					 - Uptime

					 - Failure rate

		 - PM Interview - Product strategy
			 - Ansoff matrix: New vs. existing / products vs. markets

			 - BCG Matrix: Growth vs. market share

			 - Framework - 5 Cs
				 - Customers and markets: 2x2 product x customer matrix; market size, growth rate and segments

				 - Competitors and threats: market share, differentiators, regulation, PR

				 - Company: mission, strategy, business model, assets, capabilities, brand, sales and marketing

				 - Products

				 - Industry trends

			 - Framework - M&A
				 - Acquiring company overview: mission, goals

				 - Target company list of acquisition targets

				 - Potential synergies

				 - [Evaluation] - can those synergies be attained in other ways?

			 - Framework - Industry list: TMT / HCLS / FSI / Consumer

			 - List of frameworsk
				 - Customer Purchase Decision Making Process: Need recognition, information search, evaluation of alternatives, purchase decision, post-purchase evaluation

				 - Marketing Mix (4 Ps): product, price, promotion, place (distribution channels, etc.)

				 - Five Cs (Situational Analysis) gives an overview of the environment around a product or company. 

				 - Porter’s 5 Forces: new entrants threat, substitutes threat, customer power, supplier power, competition

		 - PM Interview - Estimation
			 - Structure then solve

			 - Top down vs. bottom up approaches

			 - Residential vs. commercial market

			 - Demand vs. supply constraint

			 - Upper and lower bounds

		 - PM Interview - Technical
			 - Framework - System Design
				 - Use cases, requirements, constraints

				 - Math: number of requests, size, etc.

				 - High level design: client, servers, databases, caches

				 - Component design

				 - Bottlenecks and scale: load balancer, caching, sharding

		 - Questions to ask PM interviewer
			 - Can you tell me about a recent feature you launched? I'd like to understand the process from discovery to delivery.

			 - How does the PM role change as you progress in your career and go up levels?

			 - What determines career progression at COMPANY? 

			 - What's your favorite part about working here? Least favorite part?
