- [[Too Perfect: When Being in Control Gets Out of Control]] by [[Allan Mallinger]] - book about [[OCPD]] 
	 - About: read on flight in Peru during Thanksgiving break

	 - Myth of control
		 - - central underlying myth of OCPD people is that the world is controllable. But it's really not. We need to accept that.

	 - Too perfect
		 - - Perfectionism harms relationships (criticisms), causes procrastination, extra stress about tasks.

		 - - Tips: Note your perfectionist urges and refocus on something positive; specifically time-box tasks and strive for a B minus output.

	 - Decision and commitment
		 - - Note and label when this happens. Remind yourself of the costs of indecision. Compare to the costs of making "wrong decision". Notice if engaged in catastrophising.

		 - - Make a decision and promise yourself not to second guess it anymore.

	 - Demand sensitiveness and demand resistance
		 - - Obsessives are overly sensitive to the demands of any given situation - real and imaginary - and are simultaneously resistant to these demands (due to anxiety / perfectionism / etc)

		 - - "I want to do X" is often converted to "I need to do X". Pleasures become chores. Goals become obligations.

		 - - I am demand resistant, because I feel very uneasy about complying with demands.

		 - - Tips: Notice and label when you perceive a demand and how you react.

		 - - Notice every time you say "I should" instead of "I want". Challenge this thought. Reconnect with the "want" and the motivation. ￼

	 - Too guarded
		 - - obsessives are guarded against spontaneity and also against trusting relationships

		 - - Tips- be more vulnerable and open up to others

	 - Overthinking
		 - - obsessives live in their thoughts and analyses of details rather than their feelings and big picture stuff.

		 - - Tips: exposure to music and art; meditation; stop worrying with rubber band strategy (is there an app version?)

	 - Order and rigidity
		 - - obsessed with planning, organizing, and ordering every activity and physical space.

		 - - Obsessed with following routines and rules

		 - - Tips: notice and label getting upset when things are out of order; try deliberately messing with your order and being spontaneous

	 - Too driven
		 - - obsessing about work or some other tasks all the time and unable to relax

		 - - Tips: make time for restorative leisure activities: nature walks, listening to music

	 - Living with an obsessive
		 - - Try to be consistent and trustworthy

		 - - don't take their foibles personally

	 - Review
		 - This book was written in 1992, before OCPD was defined, but he hits the nail right on the head. Every single chapter rings true to my experience of OCPD. Great description of the behaviors and underlying motivations. My only complaint is that it's light on suggestions for improvement.

- 1-1 [[Yue W.]]
	 - Ads Ranking focus on SL for 2+ years

	 - Focus areas - APR program
		 - Increase robustness and stability for SL - model snapshots, data issues

		 - Focus on ads consent system; we have so many scenarios with overlaps; need consistent consent data across systems

	 - Focus are Readiness
		 - Designing solutions for upcoming SL scenarios; system is stable and no unexpected revenue loss

		 - Understanding is a big part of readiness; building baseline for event level signal loss

		 - Event level signal loss - we get consent status at conversion time, not at impression time

		 - Traditional SLv2 does not apply here; some ne scenarios include iOS hideIP and Chrome useragent

	 - 1PD 
		 - Problem of false negative and impact to ranking models

		 - When we generate training data we don't know which zeroes are false negatives and which are true; unable to separate them

		 - Ask for doc / post describing false negatives

	 - 1PD label loss understanding
		 - Opt out user can convert on 1PD or 3PD: for 1PD we get conversion data, but for 3PD we don't get conversion back

		 - For opt-out users, sometimes we get conversion, sometimes we don't get conversions

		 - Depending on false negative rate, 1PD data may even decrease adscore

	 - 

	 - Perc
		 - Num = 1PD

		 - Denominator = total conversion

- Misc
	 - FB User ID (user_id), Transaction amount (trx_amount), Currency (trx_currency), Checkout Status, Checkout Start Timestamp, Application ID (app_id), Ad ID (ad_id), Offsite Merchant ID (merchant_fbid), Merchant Name (merchant_name), Advertiser Business ID (business_id), Ad Account (ad_account_id)
