- Inbox
	 - DONE Send tax docs to Sourya and Rozy #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Finance]] #2022-W16
		 - Hi Rozy — Hope you're doing well! Further to our phone call on Wednesday, here are my tax docs for you to review. Please let me know if you need any more information or documentation. Look forward to an update from you next week!

		 - Couple of additional notes from my side:

		 - For the foreign tax credit from India, my CPA and I decided to use taxes paid rather than taxes accrued, i.e. in 2021 I will get credit for taxes paid in India for FY20-21 (rather than taxes accrued in India for 2021).

		 - Regardless of whether or not my 2021 capital gains are taxable in the US, it may be worth exploring the possibility of amending previous years' tax returns to include capital losses from India, because these can be carried forward to 2022 and beyond or can be used to offset other capital gains.

		 - 

		 - https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1kdBMsyXnO_KyZEP-lmCDZ1M6l17vb7WI?usp=sharing

- DC Mobile experimentation meet w [[Susan Xu]], [[Divya Gondwal]], [[Brandy Wince]], [[Gaurav Singh]]
	 - Agenda
		 - I have to leave at 9am!

		 - Context and goal of experiment - learning about LM and revenue potential

		 - Set up - Braze

	 - Notes
		 - I did a good job of sharing the context and willingness to align on the process

	 - Process - input from Cristina
		 - Add to test campaigns as part of braze integration

		 - Cristina and Divya will work on it and prioritize

		 - Earliest timeline is 6 weeks from today - latest timeline is August - YAY!

- Zach from [[Intuit]]
	 - Agenda
		 - I have an offer to which I need to respond by next Friday

		 - What's the earliest we can set up interview? Monday? 

		 - What's the earliest I can get a decision?

	 - Interview prep format and tips
		 - Craft demo call - first half on my accomplishments - second half on case study.

		 - Presentation - don't use slide as script (it's less engaging)

	 - Craft demo 
		 - Intros 5 min

		 - About me 5 min
			 - Talk about passion

			 - Why I made moves and decisions

			 - Why I want this job

			 - Life outside of work

			 - 1-2 slides

		 - Portfolio 20 min (incl Q&A)
			 - 2 projects 

			 - Things to showcase
				 - PM craft
					 - Users

					 - User problems

					 - Solutions

					 - Metrics

				 - AI/ML expertise 

				 - Impact

				 - Challenges and how I overcame

			 - 4-6 slides per project

		 - Case study 30 min (incl Q&A)
			 - General PM framework
				 - Mission

				 - Users

				 - Problems

				 - Solutions

				 - Metrics and risks

			 - Implementation plan
				 - How to loop in xfn partners

				 - Execution

				 - Launch plan

			 - Explain prioritization decisions

			 - 10-15 slides average

		 - Phone
			 - Here is my phone number: 408-398-8691.

	 - Career growth
		 - PPM same level as GPM

		 - PPM can have direct reports through the course of a year - then transition to GPM

		 - PPM can go directly to Director

		 - 2-3 years grow to Director

- LM impact projection w [[Tina Rezvanian]], [[Sumit Gupta]], [[Aditya Baul]], [[Chandan Garg]]
	 - Hypothesis looks favorable for Android and iOS-iPad but looks unfavorable for iOS-iPhone

- [[Waymo]] R2 w [[Luke Kulik]]
	 - Ref
		 - Framework - Meta Product sense
			 - Clarify understanding
				 - Who is building the product and where?

				 - Clarify understanding of product / product space (e.g. what type of travel?)

				 - Constraints: platform / geography

			 - Introduce structure - let me first discuss how I'd like to approach this question:
				 - WHY are we building this product? What's our mission and objective?

				 - WHO are we building this product for? Who are the target users?

				 - Then discuss WHAT are the user problems that we want this product to solve.

				 - Finally I'll discuss potential solutions for what to build.

				 - If there's more time at the end, we can briefly discuss risks and success metrics for this product.

			 - WHY do/did we build this product? What's our mission and objective?
				 - State company mission: Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. 

				 - __Connect product to company mission__
					 - X is aligned to the company mission, because...

					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Already many communities around XYZ

				 - __Connect product to company strategy__
					 - X is also a good strategic fit within the Meta ecosystem, because...

					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Potentially brings new users into the Meta ecosystem and gives existing users additional value from the ecosystem.

						 - One of Meta's key goals is to enable meaningful interactions between people - X will definitely enable.

						 - Leveraging the Meta ecosystem will give us powerful data that will make X great.

						 - As we transition into the Metaverse, X will become important

						 - Virtuous cycle of engagement.

						 - Competition

						 - Industry trends

				 - __State product mission__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Bring people together and enable meaningful interactions through ...

						 - Enable meaningful interactions through ...

						 - FB Stories (mock): Bring people closer together through daily moments.

						 - Sweetgreen: To inspire healthier communities by connecting people to real food.

						 - Workday: To put people at the center of enterprise software.

						 - Warby Parker: To offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses.

			 - WHY - non-Meta product
				 - What does the company do?
					 - Customers
						 - 

					 - Products / services
						 - 

					 - Other stakeholders
						 - 

					 - Key differentiators
						 - 

				 - Mission
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Sweetgreen: To inspire healthier communities by connecting people to real food.

						 - Workday: To put people at the center of enterprise software.

						 - Warby Parker: To offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses.

			 - WHO are we building this product for? Who are the target users?
				 - __Stakeholders: users / creators / businesses / suppliers / partners / vendors / regulators / govt / employees / etc.__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - User's friends and family

				 - Prioritize by
					 - Mission and strategy - Meta and product (new users / value to existing)

					 - Large group with underserved needs

					 - A great user experience will ultimately benefit all other stakeholders of the product

				 - __User segments__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Goals / needs

						 - Stage of event: before / during / after

						 - User himself vs. friends and family

						 - Engagement level by feature

						 - Frequency

						 - With whom? solo / friends / family / classmates

						 - Level of knowledge / sophistication / interest / access / skill / coordination

						 - Demographics
							 - Life stage - student / young professional / family w kids / elderly

							 - Location

							 - Money

							 - Time

				 - Prioritization 
					 - Mission and strategy - Meta ecosystem and product (new users / value to existing)
						 - Young adults at risk for FB

					 - Large group with underserved needs

			 - WHAT are the user problems faced by our target users?
				 - Recap so far: mission > who

				 - __List user journey steps__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref: user journey
						 - Stages: before, during, after

						 - Two sides: creator / producer

				 - __List user needs and pain points__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref: pain points
						 - Takes too long

						 - Is frustrating

						 - Inefficient 

				 - Prioritize 
					 - Mission and strategy - Meta ecosystem and product (new users / value to existing)

					 - Frequency and severity (for user and MISSION)

					 - Alternatives

			 - What / solution ideas
				 - __List solution ideas (include one moonshot)__ 
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref: FB ideas
						 - Wizard: user inputs + magic = results to solve problem

						 - Chatbot / AI concierge

						 - FB custom group 

						 - Social: connecting people, creating community, collaborating

					 - Ref: general Ideas
						 - AI/ML

						 - AR/VR: in-home product experience

						 - Metaverse

						 - Ambient computing

						 - Growth: Targeted reminders, gamification

				 - Prioritize
					 - Solves specific user problem

					 - Mission and strategy - Meta and product (new users / value to existing)

					 - Confidence - adoption / engagement 

					 - Effort

					 - Competition / Risks

				 - __Solution deep dive__
					 - 

					 - Post-MVP (AI / learning from data)

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Entry point; main steps and call to action; afterwards

						 - Make sure to solve user problem!

			 - Risks and success metrics
				 - Explain mini-framework

				 - __Risks and trade-offs__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Privacy / trust

						 - Competition

						 - Cannibalization

						 - Time to market

						 - Necessary partnerships

						 - Difficulty in technology

						 - Scaling risks

				 - __List metrics: adoption / engagement / retention / monetization__
					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Adoption: Sign-ups / downloads

						 - Engagement: Daily usage / %

						 - Retention

						 - Monetization

						 - Guardrail metrics
							 - Ecosystem level metrics

				 - __Prioritize metric: usually engagement %__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Adoption / engagement / retention / monetization

						 - Default: Engagement is the best measure of how much value our product is providing to users.

				 - __Downsides of metric__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref

			 - Closing
				 - Recap: mission > user > pain point > solution > metric

				 - Paint vision for future
					 - This is just the starting point - we just picked one use case and MVP solution.

					 - The mission is much broader... Meta can become the destination for X

		 - Goals and metrics framework
			 - Clarify
				 - Clarify product understanding

				 - No constraints - globally across all geos and platforms

			 - Introduce structure - let me first discuss how I'd like to approach this question
				 - WHY do/did we build this product? What's our mission and objective? 

				 - User actions and corresponding metrics we should measure

				 - Prioritize the top 1-2 metrics and discuss some trade-offs involved

			 - WHY do/did we build this product? What's our mission and objective?
				 - State company mission: Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. 

				 - __Connect product to company mission__
					 - X is aligned to the company mission, because...

					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Already many communities around XYZ

				 - __Connect product to company strategy__
					 - X is also a good strategic fit within the Meta ecosystem, because...

					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Potentially brings new users into the Meta ecosystem and gives existing users additional value from the ecosystem.

						 - One of Meta's key goals is to enable meaningful interactions between people - X will definitely enable.

						 - Leveraging the Meta ecosystem will give us powerful data that will make X great.

						 - As we transition into the Metaverse, X will become important

						 - Virtuous cycle of engagement.

						 - Competition

						 - Industry trends

				 - __State product mission__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Bring people together and enable meaningful interactions through ...

						 - Enable meaningful interactions through ...

						 - FB Stories (mock): Bring people closer together through daily moments.

						 - Sweetgreen: To inspire healthier communities by connecting people to real food.

						 - Workday: To put people at the center of enterprise software.

						 - Warby Parker: To offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses.

			 - User actions and corresponding metrics we should measure
				 - __Describe user journey and highlight KEY actions__
					 - Creator
						 - 

					 - Consumer
						 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Launch app

						 - Discover
							 - Newsfeed

							 - Notifications

							 - Groups

							 - Dedicated tab

						 - Click through to landing page

						 - Go through feature flow: view, swipe, type text, add image

						 - Engage with feature: comment, react

						 - Meet engagement threshold

						 - Share in groups / feed

						 - Retain - come back

				 - __List metrics__
					 - Creator
						 - Adoption
							 - 

						 - Engagement
							 - 

						 - Retention
							 - 

						 - Monetization (if applicable)
							 - 

						 - Performance (if applicable)
							 - 

					 - Consumer
						 - Adoption
							 - 

						 - Engagement
							 - 

						 - Retention
							 - 

						 - Monetization (if applicable)
							 - 

						 - Performance (if applicable)
							 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Adoption: num people using product
							 - Number and % of people using feature daily (e.g. num viewers / day)

							 - Website visits, app downloads, sign-ups

						 - Engagement
							 - Median number of engagements per user per day

							 - % of people who meet engagement threshold

						 - Retention
							 - % retained, week on week

						 - Monetization
							 - ARPU

							 - Conversion % - free to paid

						 - Performance
							 - Success rate / failure rate

							 - Speed: time to open story

							 - Uptime

				 - __List guardrail / umbrella metrics (if applicable)__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - App / ecosystem level: adoption, engagement, retention, monetization

						 - Engagement: Number of meaningful interactions / user / day: feature > product > ecosystem

						 - Time spent in ecosystem / user / day

			 - Prioritize the top 1-2 metrics and discuss some trade-offs involved
				 - __Prioritize metric__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Engagement > retention > adoption
							 - Tie to MISSION!

							 - Engagement signals that the product is providing value to users and is leading indicator of retention.
								 - Plot retention vs. engagement and look for the inflection point of diminishing returns

							 - Retention signals that people found value once, and loved it enough to come back

							 - Adoption: if we have engagement and retention, adoption is often a matter of awareness

						 - Consumer > creator
							 - Both sides are essential to the ecosystem, and ideally I would like to have one metric for each side.

							 - but if I have to choose just one I would choose consumption

							 - If the user experience for consumption is great, then creators will want to be part of the ecosystem.

				 - __Discuss metric downsides__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Doesn't tell you the full picture: 
							 - other funnel stages funnel stages 

							 - other side of market

						 - Doesn't tell you what is driving the metric
							 - Avg inventory / consumer

							 - % of inventory that is relevant

						 - Doesn't tell you health of ecosystem - need guardrail metrics
							 - Number of meaningful interactions / user / day: feature > product > ecosystem

							 - Customer sentiment - reviews / social media / etc.

							 - Safety - % of items reported

				 - Set target (OPTIONAL)
					 - See current state

					 - Brainstorm improvements

					 - Estimate impact of improvements

			 - Summarize
				 - Q > mission > metrics > prioritization > downsides

		 - Debugging framework
			 - __Clarify the question__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Define the metric

					 - scope

					 - time span

					 - edge cases

			 - __Exploratory data analysis to contextualize and isolate the key issue__
				 - Map out the funnel(s)
					 - 

				 - Narrow down
					 - 

				 - Time
					 - 

				 - --

				 - I use Adobe Analytics to slice and dice metrics and dimensions - similar at Meta

				 - Ref
					 - Contextualize metric
						 - Absolute numbers lack context - combination of number at the top of the funnel and the conversion rates

						 - All user journey stages leading up to this metric

					 - Narrow down and isolate the metric
						 - Platform: iOS / Android / mWeb / Desktop

						 - Device type: mobile / tablet / desktop

						 - Geo

						 - User segment

					 - Time scale
						 - Gradual vs. sudden change
							 - Sudden = performance / analytics issue / new feature

							 - Gradual = user behavior change

						 - Seasonality?

			 - Mid-point recap

			 - __Hypothesize root causes__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Inventory 
						 - Creation is down > go to creator funnel 

						 - Less items being shows to consumers

					 - Relevance: items shown are not as reelvant

					 - Competition (substitutes / cannibalization)

					 - Customers - change in cohort mix

					 - Performance issues - crashes, slowdowns, bugs

					 - Product changes - new features?

					 - Analytics logging issues

			 - __Summarize__
				 - EDA > Hypotheses > testing

			 - OPTIONAL Advertising metrics debugging
				 - Revenue = A x B x C
					 - A = num people 

					 - B = ads/person 
						 - time spent per person / num searches per person

						 - ad load - num surfaces and frequency

					 - C = $/ad
						 - IF cost per view model
							 - change is due to num advertisers or spend per advertiser

						 - IF cost per click model
							 - CTR x CPC (cost-per-click)

		 - Tradeoff framework
			 - Clarify question and identify as tradeoff

			 - Impact on customers
				 - __List pros and cons - hypotheses__
					 - Pro
						 - 

					 - Con
						 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - 

				 - __Quantitative: monitor key metrics__
					 - 

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Metrics positively impacted: (e.g. Metrics for new functionality introduced - for payments)

						 - Metrics negatively impacted:  (e.g. Metrics for other features - messages, calls)

						 - Guardrail metrics at app level: adoption / engagement / retention / monetization

						 - Retention metrics

				 - __Qualitative: surveys and customer itnerviews__
					 - 

			 - __Impact on mission and strategy__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Mission

					 - Strategic considerations

					 - Risks
						 - Privacy

						 - Trust

						 - Security

						 - Regulation

			 - __Test and iterate__
				 - 

				 - Ref
					 - Set up A/B test

					 - Size: 1-5% test and control

					 - Duration: 2-4 weeks (longer if focus on retention)

			 - __Conclude__
				 - 

				 - --

				 - Ref
					 - Go vs no-go: long-term impact > medium-term impact > short-term impact

					 - Segment audience into two UXs

			 - Recap

		 - Metrics list 
			 - Acquisition and activation
				 - Website visits, app downloads, sign-ups

				 - Advertising funnel: search engine terms, CPA, CPC

				 - Mailing list funnel: open rate, CTR, conversion rate

			 - Engagement and retention (MAU, time spent)
				 - Active users: daily / weekly / monthly

				 - Sessions: number / duration / time spent

				 - Sharing

				 - NPS

			 - Monetization
				 - CLTV

				 - ARPU

				 - MRR

				 - Conversion % - free to paid 

				 - Churn rate

			 - Performance
				 - Uptime

				 - Failure rate

	 - Intro
		 - Luke / PM at Waymo for 2.5 years / working with perception and onboard-software - incl behavior predition and planning

		 - Prior to Waymo - student AV team at MIT; then joined Waymo from there

		 - Occlusion reasoning - how car should behave in the context of lack of information

		 - Also works on visualization pro

	 - Q: Lot of questions on technical depth around ML, overfitting, etc.

	 - Q: About Android CoD - on device vs server

	 - Q: Occlusion systems
		 - Q
			 - See everything in line of sight and car reacts

			 - Dense environments - unprotected turns - turning left at a green light - there's a bus and you can't see the other lane

			 - Sensors cannot percieve these objects - how to collect data - that this has made a positive impact

		 - Goals
			 - Metrics - decrease

		 - Input
			 - Cameras

			 - Mapping data

			 - Sound, radar

	 - Luke's role
		 - Occlusion side and mapping side

		 - Very technical role - have a good understanding of architecture and how system operates

		 - High level goals - and how can you translate the goals to your team level goals

		 - Comany level goal: deploy in city x

		 - Occlusion: distribution of manouvers - predicted turns, roundabouts, etc. - understand how system is performing on these cases.

		 - Who is your customer? Metric / car performance is your customer

		 - Least fav thing about PM at Waymo - still early stage 

- [[Rob Zare]] from [[Linkedin]] for PM role
	 - Agenda
		 - Can you describe your team and org

		 - First 6 months goals

		 - AI / ML

		 - Growth to PPM / GPM

	 - Team
		 - Director for knowledge graph - all the work around the knowledge graph - all the top level entities - jobs, skills
			 - I work under this role. Responsibility one key area of investment. Each person owns the relationship with one business unit and drive initiative.

			 - E.g. company data and products and services - one of the top level entities; building the ontologies and building; define strategy and roadmap for how to 10x our coverage, and what that requires; align team around core intrinsic metrics (freshness etc.) as well as external metrics (confirmed hires, etc.)

		 - GPM to lead data applications - experimentation platform - and one large new initiative

	 - About role
		 - Help them be better at their game - imagine what is possible; relationship and partnering with engineering is critical for technical depth and business savvy

		 - Working with 50+ engineers

		 - Enginners
			 - Mostly 

	 - NM feedback
		 - Didn't get a great vibe from Rob. Sensed that he was frustrated about why we were having this call.

	 - Write to Rob!
		 - Hi Rob, apologies for any misunderstanding. 

- LM team meet w [[Aditya Baul]], [[Randy Swineford]]
	 - Agenda
		 - LM Business value

	 - I presented on LM business value

	 - We covered PRD

	 - DONE Subjective eval - not needed maybe for Deci

	 - DONE Tables analytics bugs review w Hugo / What is SDK based find

	 - DONE Ask Steve Small for how to access new DX

	 - Nav-sync related issues

	 - DONE Make list of questions for Rajjeet
		 - Aman KPIs 
			 - - what's the definition of MAU, participation rate, and outlook shares?

			 - Why did we get rid of outlook shares?

		 - 

- DCAI team meet w [[Randy Swineford]] and team

- Reading rules meet w [[Allen Ellison]], [[Natalie Dye]], [[Aleena Nik]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Record meeting for Matthew

	 - Blocked on design resources

- Write to FB friends about role allocation
	 - Hey! So the recruiter says that my overall interview feedback is not bad, but she is pushing me to go in as a pre-allocated hire rather than a generalist hire, because there is a HM (Sagar Pilania - Ads ML) who is interested in my profile, and she's implying that I'll have a better chance of getting an offer with his support. 

The Ads ML team honestly sounds quite interesting and is aligned with my interests, but I'm wondering if it's worth giving up the flexibility of bootcamp and team-matching. Any thoughts? 

- DONE Gifts for friends who helped in recruiting #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W18

- Chat w [[Lauren R]] from [[Linkedin]]
	 - Offer details
		 - Base: 230k

		 - Bonus: 15% = 34.5

		 - RSU: 650/4 = 162.5 

		 - Total: 427k

		 - Offer letter: Won't get it until Monday

	 - 

- 1-1 w [[Sagar Pilania]] for [[Facebook PM Interview]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Allocation
			 - Why generalist
				 - Generalist hiring is one of the benefits of joining Meta. 

				 - Enables me to make a well-informed decision about the team I'm joining.

				 - Can better understand company strategy, org structure, priorities, etc. before choosing a team.

			 - Can I get "soft allocation"?

			 - Can I still go through bootcamp?

		 - Career progress
			 - L5 -> L6 and beyond

	 - Talked in the car on the way home from Leela improv.

	 - He was super friendly. Gave me an overview of the team and role. Was warm and welcoming - didn't even ask me to talk about myself.

	 - I think I like him and want to work for him.
