- [[Mindbloom - Ketamine]] - Going Deeper - Journey 1
	 - Intentions
		 - Trust, let go, and be open to whatever comes up

		 - Connect with my big mind - take a break from small mind stuff

	 - Journey

	 - Journal
		 - This is the journal right after my trip. 

		 - Can I even say this i safter? I'm at the end fo my trip. I'm still wearing my headphones with nooise canceling and my mindbloom eye mask, and I'm underneath a hoddie, with the sousn soundscape still going. I'm trying to type out something of my experience.

		 - Pan Pancanjaya - something the conch of krishna. I kept hearing that. I was either in the perspecrive of Krishna or Krishnaa and was on the field of kurukshetra. I coul dsee Arjuna talking to Krishna. I could see Duryodhana talking to Drona.

		 - Before I got to kurukshretra I was thinking about how my life and job and things like that stack up. But I was looking at reality sideways. I was flying out of it and zooming past the place where all of this stuff matters.

		 - I was able to inhabit the perspective of krishna, where everything is a game, and be truly jouful

		 - I was standing on the battlefield of kurukshetra, inhabiting the perspective of krishna. It is so joyful to know that life is but a game. We must go through this game and the motions. But there is a larger reality behind this all. The sin\

		 - The significan thing is not the actions that we take on the battlefield, but the larger significance that they have.

		 - I wish I could shre this insight with Rukma!Ah, what a difference the sounscaep makes\

		 - TODO Create pictures at an exhibition soundscape for Mindbloom #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

		 - 

	 - Optional activities
		 - Revisit Mindbloom quotes - Sam Harris, Oprah, Alan Watts, etc.
