- [[Intro 1-1]] w [[Denise Butler]]
	 - About Denise
		 - Lawyer > big law > Oracle data cloud > Meta

		 - Working w Sagar and Marvin a lot on PETs

		 - Policy team; legal team works on compliance, but policy team is in between legal and product

		 - Working on private computation with Sanjay, PPML, etc.

		 - She is the R&P lead for the policy team

	 - How do we work together?
		 - DONE Meet with Dennis homes - responsible for OBA opt-out

		 - Denise is responsible for anonymization

	 - What does anonymization mean?
		 - We are using anonymized data currently for indirect use cases - back end things that make ad delivery better - bidding, calibration

		 - Looking fwd to using anonymized data for ads delivery

		 - Anonymization per GDPR = 'there is no reasonable way to re-identify the data'

	 - OBA
		 - OBA opt-out - we cannot use 3pd to serve ads

		 - If the data is anonymized then we don't need consent

	 - Other people to meet
		 - DONE Katie Glass and Casey Beal (BPM), Dennis Holmes (Policy), Erick Fromme (Legal), Alaistair (Legal)

- 1-1 w [[Sonam Saxena]]
	 - Amazon contributes 1-2% of Meta revenue; what MPC products might double or triple this revenue?

	 - DONE Set up calls w stakeholders

- Therapy w [[Amrita]]

- 1-1 [[Meredith Wade]]
	 - Interested in computational biology / neuroscience / healthcare / etc. - companies like deep-mind - mapping the protein sequences etc.

- Meet w [[One Medical]]
	 - Decision: Welbutrin vs. Vyvanse 
		 - Start w Welbutrin, try it for a couple of months, then move to vyvanse if it doesn't work.

	 - Side-effects
		 - Similar to stimulant

	 - Doc is out of office for 3 weeks

	 - DONE Zoom volume not controlled by master volume

- Inbox
	 - DONE NYC travel booking #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2022-W29 [[July 20th, 2022]]

	 - DONE Moving items - change address #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2022-W30
		 - USPS change of address

		 - Employer

		 - Banks and CC

		 - Amazon

- Delta dental
	 - Enrollee ID: 122467516401

	 - Group ID: 03118

	 - Challenge question / city-of-birth / random-event-city
