- Android team meeting
	 - DONE Review data on CoD + Auto-open for rollout

	 - DONE Update data for Abhigyan deck [[April 11th, 2022]]

- Call w [[Sammy Perkins]] from [[Google PM Interview]] recruiting
	 - Feedback - red light - no go

	 - Can try again after 1 year

- Mock w Karim
	 - Karim interviews Nikhil
		 - Framework - Meta Product sense
			 - Q
				 - Facebook wants to build an e-learning product. 

			 - Intro - set up the framework
				 - Let me first discuss how I'd like to approach this problem.

				 - WHY are we building this product? What's our mission and objective?

				 - WHO are we building this product for? Who are the target users?

				 - Then discuss WHAT are the user problems that we want this product to solve.

				 - Finally I'll discuss potential solutions for what to build.

				 - If there's more time at the end, we can discuss success metrics for this product.

			 - Clarify my understanding
				 - Clarify product understanding

				 - Who is building the product and where?

				 - Constraints: platform / geography

			 - WHY are we building this product? What's our mission and objective?
				 - State company mission: Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. 

				 - {{timer}}

				 - __Connect product to company mission__
					 - Learning is a very communal activity.

					 - As much learning happens through peer groups as teachers.

					 - Peer groups also important for motivation.

				 - __State product mission__
					 - Empower people to learn new things by leveraging the power of community.

				 - __Set product objective__
					 - Engagement - measure of value add

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Adoption / engagement / retention / monetization

						 - Default: Engagement is the best measure of how much value our product is providing to users.

			 - WHO are we building this product for? Who are the target users?
				 - {{timer}}

				 - __Stakeholders: users / creators / businesses / suppliers / partners / vendors / regulators / govt / employees / etc.__
					 - **Students**

					 - Teachers

					 - Tutors

					 - Universities

					 - High schools

					 - Corporate learning companies - bootcamps

					 - Corporations

					 - Bootcamp type programs 

					 - --

					 - Ref

					 - Tips
						 - Go BROAD

				 - Prioritize stakeholders
					 - For the sake of time, prioritize user side - because a great user experience will ultimately benefit all other stakeholders of the product

				 - __User segments__
					 - Stage of life: k-12 students vs. University students vs **professionals**

					 - Need: gain skills for job vs **switch careers** vs personal interest

					 - --

					 - Ref
						 - Goals / needs

						 - Engagement level by feature

						 - Knowledge / sophistication / interest level

						 - Demographics
							 - Life stage - student / young professional / family w kids / elderly

							 - Money

							 - Time

				 - Prioritize by why - frame as large group with underserved need

			 - WHAT are the user problems faced by our target users?
				 - Recap so far: mission > who

				 - {{timer}}

				 - __List user journey steps__
					 - Research potential jobs

					 - Connect with people in those jobs

					 - Understand skills needed for those jobs

					 - Find out how to develop those skills

					 - Find courses that meet those skills

					 - Enroll in course

					 - Do the coursework

					 - Demonstrate competency in those skills

					 - Apply to jobs

					 - --

					 - Ref: user journey
						 - Stages: before, during, after

						 - Two sides: creator / producer

				 - __List user needs and pain points__
					 - Find which jobs are a good fit for their interests

					 - **Finding what are the key skills needed for a particular job**

					 - Find the right courses for developing particular skills

					 - --

					 - Ref: pain points
						 - Takes too long

						 - Is frustrating

						 - Inefficient 

				 - Prioritize: frequency, severity (for user and mission), alternatives

			 - What / solution ideas
				 - __List solution ideas__ 
					 - Mentorship / connection, low effort, medium impact
						 - Connect with people who have the job

					 - FB groups for skills, low effort, medium impact

					 - Skill recommender wizard, High effort, medium impact
						 - Use AI to recommend skills

					 - --

					 - Ref: FB ideas
						 - Social: connecting people, creating community, collaborating

						 - Wizard / chatbot: user inputs + magic = results to solve problem

						 - FB custom group 

					 - Ref: general Ideas
						 - AI/ML, AR/VR, metaverse, ambient computing

						 - Growth: Targeted reminders, gamification

				 - Prioritize: effort, impact (what, who, why)

				 - __Risks and trade-offs: cannibalization, privacy, trust__
					 - Privacy

					 - Cannibalization - 

					 - Competition 

			 - Solution deep dive
				 - Entry point

				 - Main steps and call to action

				 - After

			 - Success metrics
				 - __List metrics: adoption / engagement / retention / monetization__
					 - Adoption
						 - See group

						 - Joining group

					 - Engagement
						 - Post on group

						 - Comment / reply on group

					 - Retention
						 - Comment next month

				 - Prioritize metric: usually engagement %

				 - __Risks and trade-offs: incomplete picture / can't diagnose funnel stages / ecosystem health__
					 - 

			 - Closing
				 - Recap: mission > user > pain point > solution > metric

				 - Paint vision for future
					 - This is just the starting point - we just picked one use case and MVP solution.

					 - The mission is much broader.

		 - Feedback

	 - Nikhil interviews Karim

- DCAI PM Interview w [[Sandeep Hejmadi]]
	 - My feedback
		 - - Communication was poor

		 - - Presentation was not very clear - didn't understand what he was doing for a while
			 - - Inundated with too much information, no idea wha the key message is

		 - - Makes a lot of unfounded assumptions; the moment you become an exclusive supplier, they want revenue guarantees

- [[Therapy]] w [[Tucker Peck]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Interview - nervousness

		 - Letting go of objects

		 - Should we keep doing therapy if I'm part of your community?

		 - Should we continue therapy?

	 - Rukma and cleaning
		 - Meditate on the feelings I get when I think things are messy

	 - My notes
		 - DONE Read high conflict couple book with Rukma #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]

	 - Interview nervousness
		 - Mixing up career progress with life progress

		 - Accentuate the non-professional parts of my life - remind myself about how I get identity from family

		 - I have a compelling need to PROVE MYSELF - just abstractly

		 - Need to love where I am and not keep beating myself up about wasting my potential

		 - Do a meditation on the motivation around my career progress

		 - Need to have a balance between the two
