- Inbox
	 - DONE Mandeepak / Damien 1pd doc

- MPC TLDR
	 - TLDR: Private Delivery Ranking is a project at the intersection of PPML and PC that uses MPC-ML to implement secure versions of Meta's ads ranking models. 

	 - As a first step, Conversion Optimization (CO) will be implemented as Private Conversion Optimization 

- Notes from roadmapping w [[Sagar Pilania]], [[Maxime Boucher]], [[Sha Meng]], [[Sonam Saxena]], [[Spencer Rothwell]]
	 - General
		 - Merge Weiwei's doc w roadmap doc

	 - HC allocation
		 - Sagar will share first tranche of HC by end of next week

		 - We should incorporate first tranche into BIS

		 - Incremental HC should reflect what we want from the second tranche of funding

	 - 1 - Label + feature + 1PD IAW
		 - Figure out what we can deliver with BIS

		 - Merge all rows

	 - 1 - SL LTT - Follow up w Waqas + model consolidation 

	 - 2 - e - Nick followup

	 - 

- 1-1 [[Gerardo Cantu]]
	 - Teams / project
		 - Signals infra
			 - Ingest 3pd signals, determine consent status, delivery to downstream consumers

		 - Identity infra
			 - Supports infra for identity matching; need to identify the user before applying consent status

	 - 1PD
		 - Gerardo is STO for Signals

		 - Very top of the ads stack

		 - Need to get alignment w pxfn that they can use the signal

	 - DONE Start uber-canonical 1pd doc

- Inbox
	 - DONE Set up antony meetings #[[[[Projects]]-MPC]] #2022-W42
		 - Understand CLIENT needs for delivery optimization and privacy

		 - Hi NAME - Hope you're doing well! 😊 I'm a PM on Ads Delivery, and I'm working on a project to better understand advertiser needs for a potential "Private Delivery" product. I'd love to have a quick chat with you to better understand the CLIENT account, their potential needs for delivery optimization, and their privacy concerns. Thanks in advance for your time! 🙏

	 - 

- 1-1 w [[Mandeepak Singh]]
	 - DONE At which point in the ads delivery stack do we determine a user's opt-in/out status for various controls? I'm assuming we use this information to determine when to use ATT opt-out model vs. OBA opt-out model vs. 2xOO model? Would appreciate if any of you could point me towards any docs or posts on this?

- 
