- [[Daily journal]]
	 - -- WELLBEING --

	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
		 - I'm trying to type while walking on the treadmill. This is the first time I'm trying to do this. It's going a little bit alright I would say. Probably if I were on a video all my head would be bobbing up an down and it would look a bit wierd. 

		 - But I think it's good for me. It's known that walking is good for back pain and sciatica. I think especially the swinging your hips kind of walking, but even just regular walking like this is better than just standing I believe. I am curious to see what I look like - I'm going to take a peak in teams.

		 - OK. In teams it looks a bit weird definitely. My head is moving all over the place and it obviously looks like I'm walking. I think I should just inform people that this is happening. In smaller meetings I should just tell people that I have a treadmill under my desk. 

		 - I should keep walking all day. This is fantastic. I'm so glad we have this treadmill that I can put under my desk. Wow, I didn't realize this is the max height of the desk. It's just about enough for the treadmill. Ideally I'd want it to be about an inch higher, but this will do quite fine in the interim.

		 - What else is on my mind other than back pain? I found out that I'm having constipation today. I've been having it for the past few days. The only external factor I can correlate it to is the increase in my dose of strattera from 60 to 80mg. And I don't feel any significant benefit of the 80mg over and above the 60mg, so I should probably go back to the original dose. Or let me at least complete two weeks on this dose. Two weeks is manageable. Until the end of next week I'll go through with this. If the constipation gets very bad I'll take some kind of fiber supplement for a bit. At the end of the two weeks I'll take a call on whether to stay at this dose or go back down to the lower 60mg dose. How do I even feel about the 60mg dose? Is it worthwhile? Is it helping me? Yeah, I think I'm slightly more productive. It's just a vague feeling. I can't tell if it's a measurable impact. Maybe at some point I can try to go off it and see what the consequences are. That way I'll have some observable change. For a week I can give that a try. But probably after my recruiting cycle is over - regardless of the outcome.

		 - What's the noise outside? Sounds like it might be raining. Yes, weather forecast does indicate light rain at the moment.

		 - What else? I have my recruiting project going on. Had some calls yesterday that I should learn from. The photomath call taught me that I should prep more on behaviorals. Have STAR stories ready for common questions around conflict and feedback that I got. It shouldn't be too hard. I have a LOT of experiences in both my Adobe roles to draw from. I'm just thinking that it would be an amazing accomplishment if I could hit 100M files entering LM before I leave Adobe. That's something that I can really be proud of and talk about how I aligned org across various fronts. But regardless, I do have a lot of behavioral stories to draw from. I need to do a brainstorming exercise - can do right after this - about what all stories I can extract from my new role here. Last role stories are already pretty well documented. Then I had the mock interview with Rajesh. Actually that was the first one. Anyway, it taught me the importance of having a framework for strategy questions. Always morph strategy questions at a later stage into product design questions once it gets sufficiently well refined. Start with a basic strategy framework and see how it works with a couple of practice questions and then go from there. Then what happened with Rob Zare? That guy is kind of weird to be honest. I'm not sure if I want to be working for him. He just has a weird vibe. His vision is a bit too broad, and I'm not sure if his team will be focused. He talks about how the knowledge graph is like everything! Ideally I can use this interview process just to get a good offer from Linkedin and see if I can shop that around to other players. So what's my total set right now? Meta, Google, Waymo confirmed first rounds. LInkedIn likely second round, and ServiceNow possible first round. Even four is a good number to start with - all four that are companies I would love to work for. The onus is on me to do some prep now. I have a decent amount of time to do this prep. Two weeks plus two weekends before my first rounds, then probably another two weeks before I have final rounds. Ideally wrap up everything by end of April. Yeah, it's just about now getting frameworks in place for all the interviews and doing some practice - both individually and with others. I should block the first hour of every day to work on interview practice. OK, I've added time to the calendar, next step is to actually do it. Each calendar block should involve 1-2 self mocks plus watching some videos to refine my frameworks. That's a good use of time. I'm feeling pretty pumped!!!

	 - [[What am I grateful for today?]]
		 - Let's do the gratefulness exercise as well, why not? Also copy the notes

	 - -- PRODUCTIVITY --

	 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
		 - Interview prep - behavioral + frameworks

	 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

	 - [[What habits did I follow today?]]

	 - -- REMINDERS --

	 - Daily habits
		 - Micro-moments of mindfulness

		 - Micro-journaling

	 - Therapy reminders
		 - OCPD - let go of the urge to scratch

		 - Grumpiness - let go of what I'm trying to control

		 - Randomize small decisions

- Brainstorming behavioral interview stories
	 - What are some things that happen? I keep having issues with the design team and with Noida PMs. That's one issue. Acrobat Web

	 - List
		 - Acrobat Web prioritization
			 - Headline
				 - Converted a hostile stakeholder into a friendly stakeholder by understanding their motivation

			 - Situation
				 - 

			 - Action

			 - Result
