- DONE Cancel PT appointment [[August 25th, 2022]]

- DONE Yale update
	 - TLDR: All participants need to update their availability for specific dates and we need more sign-ups for non-PM/PMM roles!

--

Thank you to everyone who has expressed interest in participating in the Meta x Yale SOM event! I wanted to share a couple of updates:

1. We now have a list of potential dates and times from Yale SOM (Wed, Oct 26th, 7-9pm | Tues, Nov 1st, 6-8pm ET | Thurs, Nov 10th, 6-8pm ET). Please update the sign-up sheet to indicate your availability for each of those dates.

2. Although we have a lot of interested PMs and PMMs, we are very short on speakers from roles. If you are a PM or PMM who also held a different role at Meta previously, please consider speaking about your past role instead of your current role and update the sign-up sheet accordingly! If someone else you know fits the bill then please, please encourage them to sign up! 

3. Based on feedback from MBA Recruiting @ Meta and from Yale SOM, I think PM participation should be capped at ~25% for this event, because Meta does not hire PMs directly from MBA programs. I hate to turn potential participants away, but it's not a good look for us to show up with a large number of PMs and then say sorry we're actually not hiring MBAs for this role.

- OBA review w [[Sha Meng]], [[Sagar Pilania]]
	 - Next steps
		 - Prioritization of initiatives

		 - Confidence level

	 - DONE Review scheduling #[[[[Projects]]-SG]] #2022-W36
		 - Incl Subhash

- 1-1 w [[Xiaoyuan]]
	 - About him
		 - Joined FB in 2020 June; NYC Bowen's SL team

		 - Working on techniques for label mitigation

	 - Label mitigation
		 - Existing techniques from ATT
			 - Simplify the setup; single domain - single domain - 

			 - Source domain - opt-out; target domain - opt-in (complex would be if we split source into Apple vs. Google etc.)

		 - 

- 1-1 w [[Shuai Liu]]
	 - Agenda
		 - OBA policy
			 - What exactly are the gaps?

			 - How do we size the opportunity roughly?

	 - OBA policy - overview
		 - We don't set policy - R&P team owns that

	 - User definition
		 - Some users switching between opt-in / opt-out status frequently

		 - If user switch from opt-in to opt-out in 180 days - they will be in surface control

		 - 180 days - because our commitment is we don't store 3PD for more than 180 days

		 - But most of our features only use 28 days of data - these features don't need to be zero'd out

- OBA Feature Mitigation Weekly Update

- S/L Win-Back Track Weekly Update

- 1-1 [[Annamalai]]

- 1-1 [[Marvin Kim]]
	 - Agenda
		 - OBA policy
			 - Who to work with on PM / XFN side?

			 - How to size the opportunity?

	 - DONE Ask Bret if mpc-ml needs a separate pxfn review for OBA / ATT

- PETs Core Team w [[Krishna Poola]], [[Katie Glass]], etc.

- 
