- Misc
	 - DONE Share Amazon doc - Maxime + Sen

	 - Priyanka times
		 - 6:30pm - 9:30pm US Pacific Time / 8am - 11am India Time

	 - Amazon product goals
		 - Hi Rahul! We are working with the Amazon account team on ads delivery optimization for creator ads, and wondering if you can help us better understand the product goals and functionality?

		 - Based on this slide, it looks like the goal is to "promote the top performing organic creator content as ads". Could you please share any more info on this? Thanks! (Shin suggested that you would be the right person to reach out to for this.)

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1w72iXFHlRJo_B_47ywL-20JVFNwFsBqyEuNMQz-eLNQ/edit#slide=id.g17fa39fff43_0_80

#shareadoc

		 - 

- 1-1 [[Maxime Boucher]]
	 - PSC feedback

	 - What do this year?

	 - DONE Summit in Feb
		 - Junbiao, Fan, Sha - Santanu organizing

		 - 22nd Feb

	 - Private Delivery
		 - Problem w us using A&A data is that we are doing too much data processing - legitimate interest challenge; PD gives us more flexibility to have improved  performance over AEMv2; start exploring in H2

		 - Formulate goals and roadmap for Private Delivery x Core ML - once we get SG leads alignment on timeline

		 - Then do tests on our end to compare different options

		 - DONE Get AggrID launch plan for Maxime

		 - AggrID replaces the type of ID being used to track users; Brian

	 - Amazon - can we get A&D / IID

	 - AAL / PPML

	 - About Maxime's goals
		 - Owns all foundations and everything that touches ML

		 - Focus more on long term strategy - getting closer to the upper bound

		 - Model consolidation

- Amazon work
	 - Damien comments
		 - I don't think I understood why 3.2 has 5 in perf v. only 3.5 in perf for 1.2

		 - about 1.2, how would we use the data exactly?

		 - about 3.2, what is the output that we get from the TEE and/or MPC box? Is that the same as 1.2 and if so what's the advantage exactly?

- Team meet w [[Krassimir Karamfilov]], [[Sagar Pilania]], [[Arun Rao]], etc.
	 - Kras will set up 1-1s w the entire team

	 - My Qs
		 - What are your priorities and overall charter?

	 - How to communicate better w leadership?
		 - Focus on outcomes - inputs and outputs

	 - Kras' main focus
		 - Business side
			 - Verticals will drive net new growth

			 - Partner w big advertisers

		 - Tech side
			 - 

	 - --

	 - Private notes
		 - Kras seems like a very friendly and transparent guy (reminds me of Randy)

- Chuan
	 - - Estimate CVR variance for each candidate MDE

- 1-1 [[Emily MCIT]]
	 - She wants to ask me some questions about my background

	 - 3 other PMs: Maria Walters referred me, 

	 - Flow of event
		 - Emily: overview of conducting PM job search

		 - 
