- Misc
	- DONE Adit Vaidya - srikar recommends PM mentor
	- [[Palo Alto T-group]] Prep / HW
- 1-1 [[Yuhui Ouyang]]
	- 1PD PM goals
	- Yuhui's Qs
		- DONE Update Yuhui's doc - roadmap
	- 1PD tracking
		- External support needed
			- HC and skillset needed from partner teams - I need to own this
			- Work to fund BIS - Weipung
			- Strategy for long term
			- Tracking progress - do it or locate TPM
	- DONE Transition HC thread from Mandeepak to me #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]]
		- Follow up w Weipung
- [[Stanford IPD COM 19]] - Role play
	- What's the situation and observable facts
		- Mandeepak is the lead PM for this project
		- Mandeepak participates in the leadership meetings and high-level discussions
		- I want to be more involved
	- AIR
		- When you take on the lead role
		- The impact on me is that my growth is limited
		- My request to you is: enable me to be the lead in some areas
- [[Palo Alto T-group]] HW
	- relationship skills - strengths
		- 25. See feedback as a gift – to give and receive #ipd-strong
		- 20. Demonstrate receptiveness to critical feedback by keeping defensiveness down and not making excuses #ipd-strong
		- 1. Disclose personal issues that are important to you and your relationship #ipd-neutral #ipd-weak #ipd-strong
	- relationship skills - development areas
		- 6. Make it easy for others to disclose what is important and personal for them
		- 8. Actively listen; suspend judgement #ipd-weak
		-
	- Full list
		- 1. Disclose personal issues that are important to you and your relationship #ipd-neutral #ipd-weak #ipd-strong
		- 2. Value your emotions; don’t downplay them, or feel the need to justify them or brush them
		- 3. Know how to express your emotions in an appropriate way #ipd-strong
		- 4. Willing to be vulnerable [including expressing feelings of hurt, rejection and being onedown]. #ipd-neutral
		- 5. Ask for help when needed #ipd-strong
		- 6. Make it easy for others to disclose what is important and personal for them #ipd-weak
		- 7. React to others emotional disclosures in ways that invite further disclosure #ipd-neutral
		- 8. Actively listen; suspend judgement #ipd-weak
		- 9. Engage in difficult exchanges with curiosity #ipd-neutral
		- 10. Show genuine interest and empathy when others share personal issues #ipd-strong
		- 11. Hold back from giving advice and trying to solve their situation #ipd-weak
		- 12. Ask open-ended questions so that the other can explore their own issues #ipd-strong
		- 13. Refrain from trying to dominate; instead focus on working collaboratively. #ipd-neutral
		- 14. Raise annoyances rather than shoving them under the rug where they can grow and fester #ipd-neutral
		- 15. Express your annoyance without blaming the other #ipd-strong
		- 16. Avoid using humor as “zingers” or a way to “make points” indirectly #ipd-strong
		- 17. Use humor to connect with the other and bring them closer #ipd-neutral
		- 18. Provide feedback that focuses on behavior and its impact on you– instead of making an
			- attribution of the other’s motives, intentions or character #ipd-strong
		- 19. Show appreciation/express gratitude to others for what they do or say #ipd-neutral
		- 20. Demonstrate receptiveness to critical feedback by keeping defensiveness down and not
			- making excuses #ipd-strong
		- 21. Respond to other’s defensiveness with curiosity and empathy #ipd-neutral
		- 22. Treat feedback – whether given or received -- as information, not a demand for change. #ipd-neutral
		- 23. Try to understand what is going on with the other, especially the other’s position when
			- different than yours during arguments
		- 24. Recognize what hooks you (sets you off) and, when necessary, set it aside temporarily to deal
			- with the main issues #ipd-neutral
		- 25. See feedback as a gift – to give and receive #ipd-strong
		- 26. Be receptive to conflict instead of avoiding it and see it as likely to contain information
			- important to your development and growth of the relationship #ipd-strong #ipd-weak
		- 27. Believe that the objective during a disagreement is not to win but rather to seek a resolution
			- that meets both of your needs and strengthens the relationship #ipd-strong
		- 28. Willing to apologize and say “I’m sorry” when appropriate #ipd-strong
		- 29. Pay attention to any needs for repair after a conflict in which the relationship has been
			- strained. #ipd-strong
		- 30. Understand what is needed when repairing a relationship. #ipd-weak