- [[Daily journal]]
	 - === **WELLBEING** ===
		 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
			 - Topics on my mind
				 - Resisting the overachiever voice

				 - Fight w Rukma yesterday

				 - Upcoming IPD

			 - Resisting overachiever
				 - Yesterday evening I was in a very bad mood due to the overachiver voice yelling at me that I'm not doing enough; I kept thinking that I'm not accomplishing anything in life because I'm not making progress on my tasks and goals

				 - Rukma reminded me that this is not true; in fact I have achieved a lot over the past year to three; I do a lot all the time; I'm just failing at meeting the specific expectations of the overachiever, which I don't want to listen to.

				 - I don't need that voice in my head; or rather, I don't need to listen to it all the time. It's part of me, and I'm grateful for it, but it's also harming me and my wellbeing. Literally as tucker said, the last 18 million times the voice has come up, it has told me the same dumb thing. It's not REAL. What is real? My life with Rukma, with my community, and my relationships and my curiosities. They're all real, and I want to nurture them!

		 - [[What am I grateful for today?]]
			 - I'm grateful for myself; I'm such an amazing person; I'm loving, caring, and kind; I've also accomplished so much and built such a great life for me and Rukma. That's the most important thing that matters.

			 - I'm grateful for Rukma; she loves me unconditionally and never wants to hurt me. If she is ever hurting me, it's because she is afraid, and I need to hug and hold her in those times and listen to her and reassure her that she's safe.

	 - === **PRODUCTIVITY** ===
		 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
			 - Frog: 1PD goals

		 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

		 - [[What habits did I follow today?]]
			 - Diet

			 - Daily planning

			 - 30 min treadmill

	 - === **REMINDERS** ===
		 - Wellbeing reminders
			 - Resist the overachiever
				 - The overachiever tends to say:
					 - 1.) Achieve more

					 - 2.) You're not living up to your potential

					 - 3.) Don't waste time.  Be productive.

					 - 4.) I am your only motivation to succeed.  Without me, you would never do anything.

					 - 5.) I will concede that the last 18 million times I have told you this it has been repetitive dumb thinking, but __this time it's real__.

			 - **OCPD**: Note urges

			 - **Productivity**: eat the frog; do B- work; randomize small decisions

		 - Mindfulness
			 - Micro-moments of mindfulness

			 - Micro-journaling

- Misc
	 - DONE Create MacOS shortcut to quit contexts, restart display link and contexts

	 - DONE Ranking PXFN review - add diagram and share w Brett+Dina group #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]] [[January 27th, 2023]]
		 - Hi Dina — I've created this Privacy review doc for Meta Pay + Meta Checkout data use in Ads Ranking [PXFN]. Based on the privacy review questionnaire in the doc, it looks like an additional privacy review / LAMA focusing on ranking should not be needed in this case. Could you please take a look and let us know your thoughts?

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lg_Z9cTJzvpm70d40nlpgB2DI3n6umPtK9cxoADJcTw/edit#

remindus Monday 12pm

	 - German time change
		 - Hey, I'm sorry for not getting back to you on this. I did discuss w Mandeepak and Gerardo last week, but since it's challenging to find another time that works for the large group, we were wondering if you might be able to either work around this or delegate it to someone else? Do you think that would be possible? If not, I'm happy to work with the broader team on finding another time (perhaps through some sort of poll).

	 - AI4Ads MPC update
		 - Investing in MPC-based Private Delivery solution capable of replacing AEMv2 as an insurance policy. Source-of-Truth will determine target timeline and investment for Private Delivery.

	 - German threads
		 - Surfacing some open threads for you:

https://fb.workplace.com/chat/t/5381941411928344/?mid=mid.%24gABMe2OIPWRiMFyiyxmF5eNpyY9kA

https://fb.workplace.com/chat/t/5972972312738456/?mid=mid.%24gABU4Yvz0OpiMF7PlumF5m6bTwdCd

	 - DONE Update Amazon doc

- 1PD execution tracking
	 - LAMA - not include ranking

	 - Ranking - Yuhui moving BIS to this 

- 1-1 [[Waqas Dhillon]]
	 - DONE Midjourney - PM image

- 1-1 [[Maxime Boucher]]
	 - Open questions
		 - Anonymization - might double the amount of noise

		 - 2% 

		 - Deduplication can't be done with campaign ID for AEM use case - but not from signal gain use case

		 - 

	 - Key issue: PC designs are still based on signal-gain, and not accounting for insurance

	 - DONE Requirements for delivery side
		 - 2023 - 2025

		 - Final milestone: QRT with 100% traffic

	 - Hi Maxime — Some updates from my sync with Tal where I emphasized the concerns you shared
		 - Immediate next steps
			 - Tal and Dave will review the design concerns you raised and we will have a follow-up this week. Perhaps we can move that to a separate document for clarity and ease of sharing? (I'm happy to do this)

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eXlo8aAdYKUwpKwt_sk926B-OSi4lw9rpW9ItbqR7Q0/edit#bookmark=id.a7bb12pqja2k

		 - Process improvements
			 - I am setting up a bi-weekly PC + Ads Delivery Integration review, where we can review PC team's progress and designs and provide ongoing feedback.

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IFWUf5IJCzmOoqQhkzzHaLqfoTIyZjSQHuC99VLzYS8/edit#bookmark=id.8oqfwbqwl7gc

			 - I will work with you to put together goals for Core ML for 2023 corresponding to PC milestones - target in the next week or two

- 1-1 [[Tal Hayat]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Can execution tracker cover all tasks?

		 - Should I set up the canonical meetings?

	 - DONE Provide clarity on 2% signal

	 - DONE Share LAMA examples of approval for 1PD usage

	 - DONE Goals for PD - ads delivery integration

- [[MCIT]] Career spotlight w [[Emily MCIT]]
	 - **Intros:** Name, Year you graduated or how many courses you have completed, current company & job title, professional background (where were you before this job/before MCITO?)
		 - Nikhil Maddirala

		 - Graduated in 2022 - my wife and I attended the graduation ceremony at UPenn - it was an awesome experience

		 - Philosophy undergrad > MBA

		 - PM at Adobe > PM at Meta

	 - **Question for all:** What was your hiring timeline/process?
		 - Interview format
			 - 

		 - Timeline
			 - {{embed  ((0f62dd52-8855-4923-90c1-bef2d9eb22ab))}}

		 - What was your hardest interview question (if you have one that stands out)
			 - Behavioral questions about interpersonal challenges - Someone in project team wasn't meeting expectation

			 - These are the most important questions

	 - **Question for all: **How did you decide that Product Management was a good fit for you?
		 - I landed in this role by accident to be honest
			 - During my MBA, I got really interested in ML and AI. I took some intro courses in the field, and I was keenly following everything that was going on in the field - GPT-2 was just released at that time; it really blew my mind, and I was convinced that this technology would be changing the world, and I wanted to be part of this revolution.

			 - I applied for any kind of role I could find re

			 - Big companies often like to hire MBAs as PMs

		 - Why do I stay in this role?
			 - It's challenging, intellectually stimulating, 

	 - **Follow-up: **What strengths/professional characteristics do you find yourself exercising the most in your role?
		 - About the job
			 - Satish: The JOB is to drive ALIGNMENT on vision, strategy, roadmap, and execution

			 - Pivot from “Creating a Vision” to “Aligning on a Shared Vision” with your team

		 - Communication, empathy, and building relationships across teams
			 - You are the central linchpin in cross-functional collaborations, translating between between customers, engineering, research, marketing, design, executive leadership, etc. 

			 - It's really important to have empathy for all the stakeholders

		 - Structured and organized
			 - You need to constantly keep track of where your project is with respect to goals, success metrics, project plan and timeline.

			 - You need to stay on top of several different projects each of which may have intricate xfn dependencies.

		 - DONE Intellectual curiosity 
			 - I'm the kind of person who is never satisfied with a surface level explanation for anything, and I will keep asking "why" to dig deeper into the explanation and connect it to some first-principles I understand.

			 - The first-principles thinking that motivated me to study philosophy and logic - and later computer science.

			 - Makes me a good product manager, because even though I may be working on a dozen different initiatives, I'm always able to connect each on to my first-principles - user value and business value

	 - **Question for all:** How much exposure do you get to working directly with tech (programming/coding/building/debugging etc.)-- Definitely want to showcase a contrast between large scale companies and startup culture here– will tap Lexie/Nikhil to draw a bit of a distinction
		 - Echo what Min said

		 - Clear boundaries between XFN - PM, PMM, Eng, DS, Design, etc.

		 - Collaborate and brainstorm with your partners and bounce ideas off each other. For that relationship to work, you need your xfn partners (e.g engineers and data scientists) to feel understood and to respect you.

		 - Sometimes you might even have to roll up your sleeves and get your hands dirty if there's a gap in a certain area. I've often worked on projects that require A/B testing for which we couldn't get DS to support. I have done some ad-hoc data analysis to unblock my project.

		 - Now I'm moving away from doing that, because I've realized that it's more impactful if I can solve the organizational and interpersonal challenges that are preventing my team from getting the support needed.

	 - **Question for all: **What advice do you have for MCITO students who may be wanting a career change to this path?
		 - In any job transition, you want to minimize the distance between your current job and the next job you're applying for
			 - Functional role

			 - Industry

			 - SME

		 - PM at big tech is often a 2-step transition
			 - Move to PM at a smaller company - try to leverage 

			 - Move to big tech in your area of expertise - e.g. if you're a SWE, move to SWE at big tech and then transition

		 - Have a LARGE funnel
			 - There are many stages of the PM application process

			 - 
