- Meta Checkout over-investment
	- Hey Sagar, Mandeepak — I've been chatting with both of you separately about my concern that we may be over-investing in Meta Checkout and I wanted to get us all on the same page.
	  
	  Challenges
	  
	  1) Meta Checkout has not yet proven any value to advertisers. In fact, they haven't even proved to be value-neutral (their current tests show worse than neutral performance, but they are hoping to make improvements).
	  
	  2) Meta Checkout does not yet have sufficient advertiser adoption for meaningful ranking integration. They must first prove neutrality, and then convince a large number of advertisers to adopt.
	  
	  3) Even if Meta Checkout solves the above two challenges and integrates with ads ranking, the projected iRev is very low
	  
	  Based on what we know, we have the following options:
	  
	  A) Invest in Meta Checkout only after they solve challenges 1, and 2
	  
	  B) Invest in Meta Checkout only after they solve challenge 1 projected Ads Score value is pretty low
- 1-1 [[Shuai Liu]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Meta checkout
		- Revising H2 goal to p20
		- L3 -> L2 transition plan
			- Need to ensure product growth
			- Dedicated Meta Checkout model
			- Need to decide model split at bundle level
	- Combining bets
		- Sizing of IAB bets depends on combining signal
		- Subscription Ads etc.
		- DONE Need framework for bundling
	- Feature dependencies
		- DONE 1-1 intro Joey - driving CDS / F3 onboarding
		- It will enable all the data that is already onboarded to 1PD platform
		- Phase 2 proposal - directly put signal into F3 features; workaround is to author new feature
- 1-1 [[Prateek Sharma]]
  collapsed:: true
	- HC ask
		- Prateek to finalize HC ask,
		- DONE Follow up w Fan on Shop Ads HC
	- Prateek's top of mind
		- It's a Shops requirement that we are fullfilling, but we don't understand the value to Core ML
- Moni
  collapsed:: true
	- Hi Moni! Ma and Rohini are traveling to the US this year:
	  
	  - Aug 25 - Sep 17: Ma & Rohini in SF
	  - Sep 17 - Sep 26: Ma & Rohini in Chicago
	  - Sep 26 - Sep 30: Ma in SF
	  
	  I wanted to get your input on a couple of things:
	  
	  1) We are planning a trip to Vegas tentatively on Labor day weekend. Would you (+ Rahul mesho + Raina) like to join this trip, and if yes, would that weekend work?
	  
	  2) Do you have a preference for which days they stay at your place vs. our place?
	  
	  3) Are there any other things you want to do while they are here? (I understand it's still quite early so no worries if you haven't planned this out yet.)
- Misc
  collapsed:: true
	- DONE Toiletry bag
- Podcast recording w [[Rukma]]
	-