- 1-1 [[Yuhui Ouyang]]
  collapsed:: true
	- If we combine - challenge is that we can't separate them at all
	- LH already launched
	- Can MC pick up advertisers who have low LH recall?
		- Pick ones w CAPI support
		- Pick ones not exploited by LH
	- CVR gain may be incorrect
		- Assume 100% precision + 100% recall for all IAW - see how much adscore gain; meaning advertiser-level recall
		- Multiply by global ads traffic
	- What's delivery criteria?
		- 0.05% Global ads revenue is the baseline needed for us to do anything
		- Pass the company bar to make the product a product that is launched and used
	- DONE Inputs from Grant
	  collapsed:: true
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2023-04-13 Thu 09:44:05]--[2023-04-13 Thu 09:44:07] =>  00:00:02
	  :END:
		- What is the user adoption rate
		- How many advertisers
		- One number for iRev
		- Jill gives
	- Experiment sizing
		- Scale
- 1-1-1 [[Grant Swinton]], [[Tina Liu]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Is this experiment sizing or long term?
	- Why is DA included here?
		- Basic version - They can send people to
			- PUX - MC
			- Non-PUX - not MC
			- PUX = you have credentials
		- For Ads only, PUX only cuts our value, that would give us lower recall
- 1-1 w [[Mandeepak Singh]]
  collapsed:: true
	- I ended up crying at this meeting!
	- Mandeepak reacts badly when things are not moving at the right page
- 1-1 w [[Shuai Liu]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Not much value in the short term; what is GAS?
	- How to put in production? MC combo
		- Put them together with LH data; consider as part of the same data
		- No volume requirements; only data quality requirements
	- GAS bar for ranking > 0.05% for goaling
	- DONE Proxy label doc from Shuai's review
- 1-1 w [[Paul Rotilie]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Value to advertisers
		- Value today?
		- Long term value?
	- Value to Meta
		- Value today?
		- Long term value?
	- DONE Shop Ads resilience - talk to Karim Verdier
	- DONE Follow up
		- Paul and I met to align on the required content and timeline for the Meta Checkout x Ads integration review. We discussed end of May as a tentative timeline (but Paul will confirm this with Yoav). Once confirmed we can work backwards to figure out intermediate milestones / timelines and circle back to the larger group.
		-