- [[Daily journal]]
	- === **WELLBEING** ===
		- [[What's on my mind today?]]
			- Had a great call w career coach Anna today - helped me identify interpersonal skills to work on - basically which is what emerged from IPD - this was the main reason I signed up for coaching in the first place. To implement and practice IPD skills with a guided coach. I'm glad the conversation has come back to this now. I started with a narrow focus on how to get promoted, but maybe the goal should be how to develop myself as a genuine and authentic leader
		- [[What am I grateful for today?]]
			- Grateful for my career coach Anna - and generally grateful for having access to such amazing services at the tip of my fingers
	- === **PRODUCTIVITY** ===
		- [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
			- Bunch of small - med tasks tagged for today in Roam
		- [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		- [[What habits did I follow today?]]
			- Daily planning
			- Exercise (10 min)
			- Vape control (app + 1-hr)
	- === **REMINDERS** ===
		- Wellbeing reminders
			- Resist the overachiever
				- The overachiever tends to say:
					- 1.) Achieve more
					- 2.) You're not living up to your potential
					- 3.) Don't waste time.  Be productive.
					- 4.) I am your only motivation to succeed.  Without me, you would never do anything.
					- 5.) I will concede that the last 18 million times I have told you this it has been repetitive dumb thinking, but __this time it's real__.
			- **OCPD**: Note urges
			- **Productivity**: eat the frog; do B- work; randomize small decisions
		- Work / IPD reminders
			- **Patience and active listening**
		- Mindfulness
			- Micro-moments of mindfulness
			- Micro-journaling
- Misc
	- DONE Ads presentation for John Gore #2023-W10 [[March 7th, 2023]]
	- Mentors for Rukma
		- https://mentorcruise.com/mentor/EricCrawford/
		- https://mentorcruise.com/mentor/divmanickam/
	- DONE Track 4 update for Rohit Iyer #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]] #2023-W9 [[February 27th, 2023]]
	- DONE Travel plan - start w weekends
	- DONE Uday weekend - April / May propose dates. Same for Mexico. #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2023-W10
	- TODO Turn off portal tv notifications for whatsapp calls #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2023-W14
	- TODO Ramayana ideas - entire story, make vision doc of mythology project (goals, Faqs, tech, audience, etc), YouTube video character summaries, life lessons. Also watch mythology content on YouTube and podcasts to know what’s out there. #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Side-Projects]]
	- DONE BAC skyn questions - do I need to turn on / off? Wear 30 mins advance? Clasp is slipping
	- DONE CeraVe tubes
	- TODO Improv signup San Jose #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]
	- DONE Tahoe car plan
	- DONE Roopsha chat gpt stories
	- DONE Add fiction podcasts - Aaron manke,
	- DONE Breath strips
	- DONE Amazon clothes return
	- DONE Jay - share ai project proposal and fine tuning videos
	- DONE Find lagavulin gifter from birthday
	- TODO Protein + fiber combo for travel #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]
	- TODO Kindle case #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]] #2023-W14
	- TODO Meta service for habits? Like coach me? #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]
	- DONE Psyllium husk
	- TODO New jeans and return old #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2023-W14
	- TODO Yoshi jazz Oakland #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]]
	- DONE Travel floss pick
	- TODO Create Zillow saved searches for rent and buy ideal places with alerts #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]
	- TODO Optometrist #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2023-W15
- 1-1 w [[Anna Kotliarevskaia]]
	- Notes on google doc
- 1PD HVR sizing review led by [[Mitali Gurnani]] w [[Ida Li]], [[Liquan Huang]], [[Deepali Tamhane]], [[Mandeepak Singh]], etc.
	- Lost on the purpose of this meeting
	- Std framework: efficiency gain, supply, and demand
	- For our track, we have addl dimension of SL mitigation
	- Ida: challenge between generalizability vs. customization of framework - general multiplier is too broad - but 1PD bets are not mature enough to have very detailed sizing
	- Follow up w Yuhui
		- Hey Yuhui - based on the discussion w Mitali, Ida, etc. today it sounds like SL recovery sizing is going to be an input for LRP, which is contrary to what Ida mentioned earlier [1]. Wondering if you can provide more clarity on SL recovery sizing effort and where it fits into the overall DS workstreams?
		  
		  [1] https://fb.workplace.com/chat/t/6631679763515132/?mid=mid.%24gABePekSRhvyMkRuwY2GX9Zmzep8d
- Call w [[Joseph Farris]] on [[Adobe Legal Case]]
	- Agenda
		- My statement
			- Thank you
				- I really appreciate you giving me the benefit of the doubt and giving me the opportunity to work with you to remediate the situation. Thank you for that.
				- I am happy to cooperate with you
			- What I did and why
				- I did keep save some files belonging to Adobe, which I shouldn't have - these are documents and presentations that I worked on in my job.
			- Why I kept the files
				- I kept them for personal reference to remind me of what work I did and to help me communicate my accomplishments as a Product Manager on my resume and future job interviews.
				- It was never my intention to cause any harm to Adobe.
			- What I did not do
				- I did not actually have any interviews since I left Adobe, so I didn't even use it for that.
				- I did not disclose any information contained in any of these files to anybody else.
				- My current job is working on Ads, and is quite unrelated to my work at Adobe.
			- My regard for Adobe
				- I have a very high regard for Adobe as an employer and for all the people that I worked with at Adobe.
				- I really enjoyed working there, and like several people who have "boomeranged", I think of Adobe as a potential future employer, and I don't want to do anything to jeopardize that relationship.
		- Notes
			- Background info
				- Outside counsel for Adobe; retained by in-house Legal, not by  people I worked with
				- Arising out of legal audit - not from anything observed outside in the marketplace
				- Issue was flagged during my departure, just not surfaced till now
				- Revealed I may have backed up data when I left - large amount - substantial amount of personal information, but more than that
				- Want to give me the benefit of doubt
			- I gave him my spiel
			- Usually resolve pretty efficiently without jeopardizing my relationship
			- Nobody has seen this stuff - that makes it easier
			- Potentially synced to personal laptop
			- Github code is the biggest risk
			- Want to figure out a way to remediate
			- Adobe works with FTI consulting
			- FTI process
				- Zoom - screenshare - show and tell - guide to where they can be
				- Delete and then sign a certification saying I didn't make any copies
			-
- BWP [[Amazon]] call w [[Sagar Pilania]], [[Chinmay Karande]], etc.
	- Chinmay not in favor of 3P; thinks 1P is more value add
- 1-1 [[Camille Edwards]] on Reminder Ads for [[[[Projects]]-1PD]]
	- Agenda
		- What are the docs?
		- Who are the stakeholders?
	- About Camille
		- Team since last September; joined Meta in July
	- About Reminder Ads
		- Online event = similar to Facebook events on IG - e.g. NBA game
		- Brands want to drive engagement with the event
		- Hosts can send reminders
	- Current problem
		- No CTA for event ads
		- Advertisers don't know if people who saw the ad viewed or not
	- Phase 1
		- Reminder is the mid-funnel signal that they will optimize for
		- This already exists
	- Phase 2
		- Connect reminder event to conversion event - study between Pixel conversions and
	- Ads
		- Part of link click optimization model right now
		- Next will be using a dedicated model to optimize for reminders
	- DONE Find out which team can build remidner optimization model
	-
- 1-1 [[John Gore]]
	- Rewatched GOT discussion
	- 1PD HVR - gave me a lot of useful contact info - added to sheet
	- MPX summit and Ads
		- Context and goals
			- Org moved under monetization org; re-focus from monetizing from payments to monetizing via ads; first offsite since reprioritization
			- Two orgs under MPX
				- Messaging payments (e.g. CTX / P2M / etc.)
				- Commerce purchase optimization - how to optimize for conversion events for Signal Growth
			-
- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]
	- Sagar chatted w Deepali and told her that I'm working on execution across 1PD bets
	- Execution - things are going fine
	- Strategy - it would be very helpful for us to map gaps
	- DONE SG Ranking 1PD HVR DS prioritization  #2023-W10  [[March 8th, 2023]]
		- Come up w step by step plan for this strategy - why? what? how/who?
		- Not just SL mitigation, but what will be helpful for ranking in general
- 1-1 [[Mandeepak Singh]]
	- DONE Relationship between CVR gain and adscore gain - for Meta Pay
	- MDE estimation -
- 1-1 w [[Apurva Pathak]]
	- About
		- Working in India - except 4-5 days PTO
		- Working till 12p
	- Capacity
		- MW translation
		-
- [[Therapy]] w [[Tucker Peck]]
	- Agenda
		- Struggling to make progress on tasks
		- Avoidance behavior for difficult tasks and habits - if I think I'm failing
	- Discomfort with some tasks due to bad feelings
		- Feelings I'm facing
			- Guilt / disappointment
			- Failure
			- Discomfort with imperfection
		- Facing a LOT of resistance - two types of voices
			- If I can't do everything, I should do nothing
			- If I've disappointed someone, I should continue doing that
	- Notice when I'm overcoming the resistence and why / how?
	- When I get stuck - do something else productive
		- Mantra: Given this mindstate, what is possible?
		- Do the closest thing that I can do - something similar to the thing I'm avoiding