- Misc
	 - DONE Ask Mandeepak for meeting where track 2 updates

- Meet w [[Lee Hwa]], [[Sean Xia]], [[Matt Lau]] on 1PD for MFT
	 - What data and models?
		 - User behavior data - user interacted with MFT products - how many credentials user have with MFT systems - various systems - e.g. which credentials, CCs, addresses, entered in auto-fill vs Shops vs. etc.

		 - They see how many active credentials users have on file

		 - This data can help predict users conversion probability

		 - They are trying to identify which team owns the ML models

		 - Can help with onsite checkout, also to optimize for Shops Ads ranking; may also be useful for ranking models used in ranking commerce

	 - Where does data come from?
		 - It's not transaction data - it's offline aggregated data - can this be curated and fed into F3 - the source of this data is

		 - Multiple surfaces - IAW, Facebook Donations, IG Shops

	 - Past work
		 - Ran offline experiments and saw gains

	 - Brian Q - can we convert this data into transactional data? 
		 - We want event data for Ads

		 - Value is higher if we get the raw events rather than the feature

		 - Lee is questioning the value of raw events - she says, shouldn't aggregate features be better?

	 - DONE How to evaluate new 1PD data and where it will be useful?

	 - CTX is moving to conversion optimization - will that be 

- Core ML SL PMs
	 - My agenda
		 - High
			 - Amazon

		 - 1PD DS sizing

		 - Data value understanding - 1PD teams want to know

		 - 1PD Ranking PXFN

		 - Low
			 - PD - waiting for SoT

		 - Me
			 - Birthday and Great America

- 1-1 [[Yuhui Ouyang]]
	 - DS sizing
		 - Mitali not doing it

		 - Yuhui concern - Jill is not ready - very XFN; Jill won't be successful as a ramp-up task; requires lot of business context and communication

		 - Yuhui wants Liquan herself or someone more senior to be driving this

		 - Based on Yuhui conversation w Liquan - 

	 - Other top of mind

	 - DONE DS work follow-up
		 - Analyze detectability vs effort

	 - Canonical doc review

	 - Weekly meetings

	 - DONE 1PD summit - include
		 - Commerce teams in London

		 - Damien 

		 - MPK - better weather

- 1-1 [[Shuai Liu]]
	 - Capacity
		 - Meta Checkout doc

		 - LH impact vs. MDE

	 - DONE LH MDE - Harold and Chuan

	 - DONE Shuai Q - what will be our collaboration model w LH? Alignment w Yuhui on more involvement

	 - DONE bi-weekly meet w R&P team

	 - 

- 
