- [[Daily journal]]
	 - === **WELLBEING** ===
		 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
			 - Meditated for the first time in a while, and it was good! I really like the see hear feel method. Maybe there is something to what tucker says that it's better than what I did before. Not sure. I should give it another try. One thing I was thinking with Tucker is to focus on 3 things per time period. Time period can be between 1-3 months. Let me discuss this with him at our next meeting.

			 - Last time we talked about that I am developing a procrastination feedback loop and I need to lean into that. Everytime I get the urge to procrastinate, let me investigate that urge.

			 - What's going on at work? Things are pretty good. I have some things to focus on this week - 1PD stuff esp Meta Checkout. Also got pulled into a couple of other things on Amazon bc Sagar is out.

			 - Putting out a HPM will help keep me accountable - no reason not to do that. Planning my day to make sure I'm not just spending way too much time on work is another thing. Need to make time for side projects and other things.

		 - [[What am I grateful for today?]]
			 - Having some amazing coaches and mentors in life - Tucker, Anna, Kamesh, etc.

			 - Having good friends and intellectual partners - Jay, Avinash

			 - My loving wife and companion - Rukma

	 - === **PRODUCTIVITY** ===
		 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]

		 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

		 - [[What habits did I follow today?]]
			 - Daily planning

			 - No vaping

	 - === **REMINDERS** ===
		 - Wellbeing reminders
			 - Resist the overachiever
				 - The overachiever tends to say:
					 - 1.) Achieve more

					 - 2.) You're not living up to your potential

					 - 3.) Don't waste time.  Be productive.

					 - 4.) I am your only motivation to succeed.  Without me, you would never do anything.

					 - 5.) I will concede that the last 18 million times I have told you this it has been repetitive dumb thinking, but __this time it's real__.

		 - Work / IPD reminders
			 - **Patience and active listening**

		 - Mindfulness
			 - Micro-moments of mindfulness

			 - Micro-journaling

- Journal
	 - I'm feeling the urge to ignore messages again - on Meta Checkout, Amazon, etc. Did a mini meditation and found the feeling in my stomach - kind of like a sinking feeling. Also the tightness in neck. None of it is that bad! :) Let's go to the messages and see what happens slowly!

	 - Felt a lot better after going in and replying to things

- 1-1 [[Yucheng]], [[Brian Truong]]
	 - irev Sizing updates?

	 - De-ID
		 - Where does it apply?

		 - What are the options?

	 - OBA / ATT opt-out?

	 - Not building model ONLY for Amazon
		 - Non-Amazon data has to mix w Amazon

		 - ATT de-ID data will be mixed with Amazon data | we are moving to AggrID Ranking

		 - We move to AggrID ranking flow; but rn the diagram box doesn't work for LAW - it will work 

		 - Should we scope based on short term state or long term state? This diagram assumes short term state

	 - AggrID has two flows
		 - ClickID approach and modelID flow

		 - WIthout modelID we lose a lot of traffic

	 - Alternative
		 - Offline join in Adlogger

		 - No technical limitation, but it doesn't exist

		 - Support LAw

- 1-1 w [[Kassy Coan]]
	 - People to involve in framework
		 - EM: Nathan

		 - DS: Harold Li

- Appt w [[Diwakar Taxes]]
	 - Items to submit - my 1P  
