- Misc
  collapsed:: true
	- DONE ID theft plan
	  collapsed:: true
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2023-05-11 Thu 08:32:02]
	  :END:
		- Restoration plan (Rukma)
			- Credit bureaus - freeze + fraud alert
			- Report and remove fraudulent accounts: police report + FTC report + credit bureaus
			- Contact all financial institutions
		- Protection plan (Rukma + Nikhil)
			- Identify and tag list of sensitive accounts in 1P
				- Betterment (and all linked accounts - Capital One, etc.)
			- Ensure strong password + strong MFA (email > authenticator app > SMS) on all sensitive accounts
			- Freeze all credit reports
		- References
			- https://www.reddit.com/r/IdentityTheft/comments/pqb1za/identity_theft_recovery_101/
	- DONE Upcoming flights - calendar + check-in
	- DONE MC plan - QRT approval
	- DONE Notes to Piyush
	  collapsed:: true
		- Add description and chapter timestamps
		- Give attribution to other creators whose content we are using
			- Neural network - 3Blue1Brown
			- Etc.
		- Put an image over the parts where I'm asking for more beer, lol
			- Around 1:00:00 mark
		-
	- DONE Aaron splitwise
		-
- 1PD SGI review w [[Fred Leach]], [[Deepali Tamhane]], [[Mandeepak Singh]], etc.
  collapsed:: true
	- LH improvement
	- Mandeepak feedback - Deepali asked about volume analysis for Meta Checkout in relation to bundling vs unbundling signal - should have called on me for that vs answering himself
- 1PD HVR goaling w [[Deepali Tamhane]], [[Ida Li]], etc.
  collapsed:: true
	- DONE 1PD HVR sizing update post
- Ranking 1PD workstreams
  collapsed:: true
	- ML experimentation platform
	- ML techniques for low recall and/or low precision
	- ML techniques for individual 1PD products
	- Productionizing and scaling up 1PD signals
- Ida message
  collapsed:: true
	- Hi Ida - Just a heads up that Deepali asked me to share the iRev numbers in this chat group she created [A]. I'm going to share this table [B] which I created together with Jill and included in the review with Fred this morning. Please LMK by end of day today if you have any concerns with this. Thank you!
	  
	  [A] https://fb.workplace.com/chat/t/8128995970504457/?mid=mid.%24gABzhR10z1wmOPUaygGIDAFpPFvxf
	  
	  [B] https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cQCmq2qZhJaF6wXJOzmWjP-kJenZ6xA6b2g88pj_vJ4/edit#bookmark=id.fu80zrphend5
- 1-1 [[Brian Truong]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Platform roadmap and ranking impact
- 1-1 [[Shuai Liu]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Agenda in doc - workstreams
- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]
	- Strategy and workstreams review
	- Sagar is leaving and becoming IC in Core Ads under Kras
		- How do I feel about that? Happy for him, but sad for me! This is path to IC8 promotion, which is easier than D1. That's great for him. But he was an amazing manager, and he was gonna help me with my promotion to IC6, so I'm sad to see him go. But I'll still have him as a mentor, and as an advocate for my promotion when the time comes, so that's a good thing!!