- Misc
	 - TODO Better ad-blocker - for tracking rather than blocking #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]

- [[Daily journal]]
	 - === **WELLBEING** ===
		 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 

		 - [[What am I grateful for today?]]
			 - Grateful for friends and family that love me! ❤️

	 - === **PRODUCTIVITY** ===
		 - [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
			 - 1 - Amazon doc

			 - Bunch of smaller tasks

		 - [[What did I accomplish today?]]

		 - [[What habits did I follow today?]]
			 - Daily planning

			 - Exercise (10 min)

			 - Vape control (app + 1-hr)

	 - === **REMINDERS** ===
		 - Wellbeing reminders
			 - Resist the overachiever
				 - The overachiever tends to say:
					 - 1.) Achieve more

					 - 2.) You're not living up to your potential

					 - 3.) Don't waste time.  Be productive.

					 - 4.) I am your only motivation to succeed.  Without me, you would never do anything.

					 - 5.) I will concede that the last 18 million times I have told you this it has been repetitive dumb thinking, but __this time it's real__.

			 - **OCPD**: Note urges

			 - **Productivity**: eat the frog; do B- work; randomize small decisions

		 - Mindfulness
			 - Micro-moments of mindfulness

			 - Micro-journaling

- Mitali convo
	 - Thanks Ida - this makes sense for LRP, especially considering the timeline constraints! 

Mitali - would you mind looping me and Liquan into the post-LRP threads that Ida mentioned (starting with #2)? Thank you!

- 1-1 w [[Gerardo Cantu]]
	 - DONE Escalate Dina issue - write doc w Gerardo
		 - Blocking 1PD is like blocking all past data

- DONE Marsci follow-up
	 - Hi Holly, Kelvin, Preston - hope you're doing well! Nidhi and I are working on a project to measure ads performance metric improvements for advertisers/merchants using Meta Pay, and we have some questions about the possibility of sharing these metrics with advertisers [1]. Swetha suggested that you might be able to help us identify the right people to help us answer these questions, and would appreciate any guidance you can provide. Thanks in advance! 

[1] https://docs.google.com/document/d/17ZKGTCPpGLgVtEXUEZc30l1eDXxS3d2fC0PPfKFqstg/edit#heading=h.494dvo34ldj6 

- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Nathan told Amazon to expect something by end of next week

		 - Signals dinner - Krishna organizing + PMs

	 - DONE Schedule JH review

	 - DONE Clean up Amazon doc and tag people #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] #2023-W8 [[February 20th, 2023]]

	 - DONE Update

	 - 1PD issues
		 - Think of our sizing as separate from LRP

		 - My most important stakeholders
			 - Damien, Deepali, Sagar

			 - Mandeepak

			 - 
