- [[Daily journal]]
  collapsed:: true
	- What's on my mind today? Yesterday I had a therapy session with Tucker where he walked me through or rather hand-held me through the process of making a weekly task list. It was a useful session. What did I learn about what I should be doing vs. what I'm doing on my own?
		- Respect time limits
			- When Tucker is on the other end, I'm much more respectful of time. If I say I'm going to do this in 10 minutes, I do whatever I can in 10 minutes rather than finding excuses to procrastinate.
		- Imperfection is okay
			- To respect the time limit, the only way is to do it imperfectly. Not everything will be linked together in the ideal way. That's okay. One good way to do this is to separate out the time for doing actual task planning vs. time spent in looking for a better system. Those two are different activities. Every day, I will spend 30 mins on actual task planning, and can spend up to 2 hours per week on looking for a better system, but only AFTER the actual task planning for the day or week. Hey, that's a good rule. That's the only way I can give myself permission to watch any notion videos or tweak my system - if I've already done the task planning for the day PLUS done the tasks that I want to do for the day. It's a free time activity not a planning activity. Nice.
		- Break down the tasks into clear actions
			- Action is something that I can check the box within one day and is in my own control (e.g. it cannot include actions that depend on others replying or doing something)
			- Parent action is a group of actions that I can do in less than one week. It should be small. Total work may be under 5 hours approx.
			- Project is a group of actions that needs more than one week to complete. Total work may be over 5 hours approx.
	- Okay, there are the three reminders I need to give myself for planning every day, and this is the daily planning and weekly planning check-lists. After journaling I will do this today. Maybe it's something that I do every day for now. Yes, that will be good.
	- DONE Daily planning on calendar
	- Maybe let's think of some of the larger emotional issues here. What is causing me to avoid all the tasks and communication that are on my list? One thing that I identified with Tucker is the feeling of overwhelm and failure. Those things are triggering the same feeling. So I'm trying to avoid them. Also, each one of them has their own feelings that they are triggering - Mandeepak, Sunitha, parents, etc. For those, there's also the Tucker exercise of trying to feel what's going on. Maybe journal now about them? Pick a simple one to start with. Sunitha. How does this make me feel? It makes me feel bad, because I have to negotiate with someone. I'm anticipating a potentially bad outcome? Or I'm just feeling annoyance at the process itself. Is it that I don't like being in situations where conflict can arise with other people? Or disagreements of any sort? Possibly that's it. Do I feel I'm disappointing the other person in some way? Not sure with this one what's going on.
- Misc
  collapsed:: true
	- DONE Consolidate 1PD DS + Signals OH
	- DONE Weekly in-office plan
	- DONE Reach out to Vikash after publishing hackathon post
	- DONE Contribute to Mandeepak Roadmap
	- DONE Decide Yale Megan VC networking
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2023-04-25 Tue 09:24:40]--[2023-05-02 Tue 16:15:01] =>  174:50:21
	  :END:
	- DONE Quick dry towels
	- DONE D batteries
	- DONE Water plants
- 1-1 [[Jill Zhang]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Ad side mitigation is reallly low
- SG strategy office hours
  collapsed:: true
	- Top-down sizing only
	- Solutions
		- Is it just our team HC?
	- Sizing methodology
		- Use LRP headroom and top-down guidance
- Strategy doc
  collapsed:: true
	- `=IMPORTRANGE("https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vi-8ZRl6kMLZuYlwFL7_-if9QtXgN-FrScHHT6CzwcY/edit#gid=485977613", "Meta Checkout!B28")`
- 1-1 [[Prateek Sharma]], [[Yuhui Ouyang]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Committed AS in roadmap
	- Adscore part -
- 1-1 [[Marvin Kim]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Strategy doc and metrics
	- Resiliency f/w
	- DONE Sync w Ida on dedup
- Meet [[Sutton Arabe]] [[PM recruiting]] call for [[Adept AI]]
  collapsed:: true
	- About Adept AI
		- Series A startup - raised 650M
		- Transferring from research to product
		- Products - gathering data and creating white label chatbot for websites like Redfin / Zillow; want to be able to follow you to different websites
		- Also have APIs for b2b software
	- They are growing aggressively
	- Comp
		- Base: 225-300
		- Equity:
		- Bonus:
	- WFH
		- In-office 5x/week - SF
	- About the team
		- First PM hire - founder has PM in title
		- Employees - 35 - engineering and research
		- Now adding sales and PM
	- Hiring
		- 1st round - Kelsey - COO
		- 2nd round - David - CEO
		- 3rd round - head of engineering
	- What are they looking for?
		- Seniority
		- ML / AI / LLM experience
	- Self intro
	  collapsed:: true
		- From the very beginning of my academic journey, AI has been a key theme for me.
		- My Bachelor's in Philosophy honed my logic and critical thinking skills, and my Master's in Logic at the University of Amsterdam delved deeper into the foundations of AI.
		- Throughout my education and career, I've developed strong technical skills, including proficiency in Python, SQL, Git, and Agile methodologies. While pursuing my Master of Computer and Information Technology at the University of Pennsylvania, I specialized in AI, ML, and NLP, and even built a machine learning model for age-prediction based on facial recognition.
		- In my professional experience, I've demonstrated strong leadership and a passion for AI-driven innovation. I've managed AI/ML aspects of Acrobat Mobile's Liquid Mode and Adobe Experience Platform, leading large cross-functional teams to drive growth and customer satisfaction. In my current role as a Senior Product Manager at Meta, I work on Ads Core ML, a platform that personalizes ads for billions of users and drives over $100 billion in annual revenue.
		- I believe that my diverse background, technical expertise, and leadership experience make me well-suited for a leadership role in AI startups. I'm excited about the opportunity to leverage my skills and experiences to drive the success of innovative AI products and solutions. Thank you for considering me for this position."
- 1-1 [[Shuai Liu]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Review MC decision post
	- Strategy doc
	- Roadmap
	- FSC - reduce window
		- Applicable for mixed 1PD/3PD feature
		- 1 person at day 1, 1 person at day 2 ... 1 person at day 180;
		- people from day 90 to day 180
		- Currently you have to stay 180 days in surface control before going to source control
	- DONE Talk to Apurva about joint goals
		- 2-3 from our team + 2-3 from their team
	- DONE Talk to Steven about HC
	-
- [[Palo Alto T-group]]
	- Prompts
		- When one door closes another world opens. What did you gain and what have you left behind? Did you have a mentor? What have you done with what you gained?
	-
	-