- Misc
  collapsed:: true
	- DONE Shopping
	  collapsed:: true
		- Shoes -
			- Allbirds tree runners or dashers (better)
			- Naot slip on dress shoes
			- Allbirds for Rukma
		- Innerwear
			- Socks - uniqlo
		- Outerwear
			- Light - Uniqlo airism hoodie - yellow fits well
		- Shirts
			- OCBD short sleeve JCrew high quality but XS too small and S too big
		- Backpack
			- https://www.amazon.com/Business-Backpack-Waterproof-laptop-Luggage/dp/B085Q5N7TH
		- New toilet kit - current one zip broken -
	- DONE review travel gear
	- DONE Langchain 101 - Mckay Wrigley
	- DONE Hyundai vulnerability - check w dealer - also create car maintenance schedule
	- DONE Plan Ma trip w Moni
	- Piyush message
		- I actually built a little MVP - you can try it out here:
		  
		  https://youtube-summary.herokuapp.com/
		- Problem is that this summarization takes a long time. My current app has a 30-second timeout limitation, and this is only good enough for short videos up to 10 mins or max 15 mins length. Summarizing a video like our 3-hr conversation takes 5 minutes+ so not sure if people would want to sit around and wait that long.
	-
- Daily journal
  collapsed:: true
	- What are the main things on my mind right now? I should focus on something I can do without internet for today. Maybe think about some task planning. Well, that should also start with a brain dump. Not always I guess, but let me do that to start
	- Brain dump
		- 1PD
			- Ranking execution tracking and meeting update
			- Strategy paper update and project manage that
			- PSC plan and Sagar transition
			- Meta checkout - publish alignment plan
			- Sizing - post on current sizing and execution status
		- AI projects
			- Youtube summarizer app
				- What's the goal here? I wanted to release something and say "look at this AI app I built". Okay, that's a good goal, but what's the problem? It's quite difficult to get even basic functionality right for this. App keeps breaking. Let me list all the problems
					- Heroku 30-second timeout - show intermediate outputs
						- Actually the intermediate outputs is great even for my ramayana project. It's a way to understand langchain summarization better. Maybe the purpose of this tool or app I'm building is to visualize and show langchain summarization. Just for my own understanding. And to learn how to build a front end. That's a decent goal.
					- API key implementation
					- UI: streaming output of intermediate steps
			- Hanuman chatbot
				- Talk to Jay
				- Make a notion page to track Jay + Nikhil
			- Ramayana podcast and videos
				- M1: Generate summaries of book 1 of various lengths
					- Use langchain pre-built summarizers
						- DONE Ask Jay for help understanding langchain summarizers
				- M2: Generate summaries of book 1 of various styles
					- Customize langchain summarizers
		- Home rental search
			- Sunitha reply
			- Jeff follow up
		- Personal misc
			- Dad invitations
			- NJ trip planning - Chennu / Hemu
-