- Chat w Ida - share w Marvin
	 - 1PD Portfolio "merge thread"

	 - Ida Li created this group

	 - Feb 16, 2023, 1:07 PM

	 - Ida Li

	 - Ida Li

	 - Hi all! Starting a thread to merge several conversations about "1PD portfolio view". Here's my context -- @Mitali feel free to add:

	 - 1/ We are doing LRP and 1PD is a big workstream

	 - 2/ On the DS side, we had a roadmap review with Adam Rowings (the new David S), and was asked to go back with a refreshed 1PD portfolio view around where our 1PD investments are, the iRev opportunities and segment coverage

	 - 3/ Within SGI, leadership has interest in better tracking 1PD HVR progress vs. goals, and how each of the 1PD products ladder up to that goal

	 - 4/ On the Eng side, there has been a 1PD Ads Data Use workstream thinking about how we can best leverage 1PD data to generate revenue -- @Nikhil and Damien have been driving this

	 - 5/ Also within SGI, the leads are having an offsite week of Feb 27. One of the top-of-mind topics is to have an open discussion around long-term milestone and goals -- for example, what is the long-term objective of SGI? is 1PD HVR the best way to measure the 1PD portion of that objective? 
		 - this is NOT meant to DECIDE on goals and metrics, but more so to collect thoughts among leads to align on the PROBLEMS / GAPS we all see and align on UNDERSTANDING of the purpose of this program

		 - once we have that alignment, I think Analytics can then work on goal and metrics framework across tracks, and we can give better guidance across tracks around how we prioritize as a program

	 - Damien Lefortier is currently "Off the Grid" while sick all day and was not push-notified for this message. To reach him, reply with @notify.

	 - Ida Li

	 - Ida Li

	 - I just wanted to connect the dots a bit and make sure we are all on the same page about how we should approach these. this is my thought:

	 - For #1, it is happening and we are keeping DL in the loop for sizing and methodology assumptions

	 - For #2 and #3, this is something we plan to build on top of LRP (since we'll gather sizing there), and produce after LRP

	 - For #4, this is where I am asking NIkhil to connect with Mitali and leverage work from #2 and #3. From a ranking perspective, we may need more detailed data cuts than #2 and 3, so this might need to be sequenced AFTERwards, but I'll let you figure it out.

	 - For #5, both Deepali and Mitali prob have gotten reached out to around this. I am driving that offsite session and will work with both of you to frame up questions. It's not just about 1PD goal but also overall SGI program goals, so it's a broader conversation to be had.

	 - Feb 16, 2023, 1:40 PM

	 - Damien Lefortier added Yuhui Ouyang and Mandeepak Singh to the group.

	 - Damien Lefortier

	 - Damien Lefortier

	 - Thanks @Ida for connecting the dots, adding @Yuhui/ @Mandeepak FYI

	 - OutOfOffice Bot

	 - OutOfOffice Bot

	 - 🤖 OutOfOfficeBot says: I'm sorry but Yuhui Ouyang is currently out of the office. His message is:

	 - OOO from 2/10 - 2/17, see https://fburl.com/zl7t10jd for redirection.

	 - OutOfOffice Bot

	 - Feb 16, 2023, 2:17 PM

	 - Ida named the group 1PD Portfolio "merge thread".

	 - Damien Lefortier

	 - About 4, see:

	 - Damien

	 - Damien Lefortier

	 - #shareadoc https://docs.google.com/document/d/17eA1WpZptzl6yVmBgyRbSxmsHF7aTAn1VPEA7WjZryY/edit#heading=h.2m3yq8x3yxvi

	 - Icon for this message

	 - Understanding 1PD HVR signals value for Ads ranking

	 - Damien replied to themself

	 - Google Drive (#shareadoc)

	 - Gave comment access (default) on the doc to everybody in this chat. You can specify an access level after the hashtag, e.g. #shareadoc edit.

	 - Damien Lefortier

	 - Damien Lefortier

	 - Damien unsent a message

	 - Damien Lefortier

	 - Damien Lefortier

	 - @Nikhil, let's see if we can merge efforts with #2 directly or not. I don't have any context on #2 and so hard to say right now.

	 - Feb 17, 2023, 12:03 AM

	 - You sent

	 - Makes sense, Damien - we should try to merge with Ida's #2 and #3. 

	 - But I'm also wondering if our exercise (Damien's link above) could be useful to inform #1 (1PD LRP), which is a precursor to #2 and #3? The first part of our exercise is basically applying the "SL Recovery rate Playbook" step by step for all the 1PD bets (i.e. running the playbook). Mitali's team may already be working on a similar exercise, and that could be a good place to begin "merging" efforts?

	 - In any case, it would be good to ensure that we're all aligned on the assumptions used to run the SL Recovery Playbook for #1, because that will inform all the downstream efforts listed by Ida.

	 - Feb 17, 2023, 6:45 AM

	 - Ida replied to you

	 - Ida Li

	 - Ideally that's the case, especially to inform some of the ranking gains in LRP, but in reality LRP is due Mar 3, so we have 1.5 weeks 😶 I don't think we will be able to do it in that order (plus, AS gains are modeled in a very top-down way, so not super anchored on specifc projects anyways)

	 - For 1P investments, we will NOT change scope WHILE doing LRP. We are using existing, aligned scope on Track 2 to submit 1P sizing in LRP. 

	 - nevertheless, I expect outcomes from step #4 will fold into next year's LRP for sure

	 - Yuhui Ouyang is currently "Off the Grid" all day and may be slow to respond.

	 - Feb 17, 2023, 8:04 AM

	 - Mandeepak replied to Ida

	 - Thanks @Ida. In the LRP, are we dedupping the bets.

	 - Mandeepak

	 - Mandeepak Singh

	 - This has been a key callout from multiple discussions.

	 - Mitali Gurnani

	 - Yes we will dedupe at the portfolio level

	 - Mitali

	 - Meaning each bet will still have independent contributions given very few are established to form a baseline

	 - Mitali

	 - Mitali Gurnani

	 - We’re planning to circulate our dedupe logic next week for async feedback

	 - Fri 9:46 AM

	 - You added Sagar Pilania and Liquan Huang to the group.

	 - You replied to Ida

	 - Thanks Ida — this makes sense for LRP, especially considering the timeline constraints! 

	 - @Mitali — would you mind looping me and @Liquan into the post-LRP threads that Ida mentioned (starting with #2)? Thank you!

- Amazon daily stand-up w [[Sagar Pilania]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Continue with daily stand-up? - change

	 - DONE Update Amazon canonical doc #[[[[Projects]]-MPC]] #2023-W9 [[February 27th, 2023]]

- 1-1 [[Mandeepak Singh]]
	 - Agenda
		 - Summit

		 - Capacity - Apurva

		 - Meta XO

	 - DONE Create Meta Checkout requirements doc #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]] #2023-W9 [[February 27th, 2023]]
		 - Volume of data needed

		 - Freshness

		 - Timeline for readiness - ads side and meta checkout

- 
