- Misc
	- DONE Prep for [[Adobe Legal Case]] #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2023-W10 [[March 6th, 2023]]
		- What to keep
	- DONE [[Geico]] claim for Tahoe #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2023-W10 [[March 7th, 2023]]
		- Confirm repair + rental appointment
	- DONE 1PD canonical update - Gerardo / Nikhil split
		- One issue I want to raise is that ranking and experimentation side work is picking up heavily and I don't think I have the bandwidth to focus on platform + ranking.
		- @Gerardo - Can we work together on a split of this workstream into platform side vs ranking side
	- DONE Lawyer update
		- AgentOS issues
- 1-1 w [[Anna Kotliarevskaia]]
	- Agenda
		- Busy weekend
		- Work stuff
		- Do I want to focus on my promotion right now?
		- AI startup and a16z
	- Anna feedback
		- Leadership role + doing more fun - I can do it today - startup or smaller company
		- Big tech path - pursuit of ego with not much else - looks good and sounds good but doesn't actually feel good -
	-
- Meet w Meta Checkout team
	- GA vs ROAS positive relationship
		- ROAS neutrality can enable GA - negotiating w Shopify
		- Post-beta scaling
	- DONE How much scale do they need for ROAS demonstration
		- How much traffic needed?
	-
- Delivery + R&P joint goals sync
	- DONE Work w DS to update surface control goals
	- DONE Other ideas - cut from 180 days to lower
- SG Ranking 1PD meet w [[Yuhui Ouyang]], [[Shuai Liu]], [[Liquan Huang]]
- Meet on [[Adobe Legal Case]]
	- Agenda
		- What's the deletion process and paperwork?
	- Initial folder in question
		- ! Personal onedrive
- 1-1 [[Habiya Beg]]
- [[Geico]] claim
	- PIN for my claim - 20726
	- Megan claim no: 874-226-638-000-000-1
	- Ph to claims: 800-841-2920
	- Repairs - Geico recommended body shops
		- Sunnyvale and Santa Clara
	- My claim adjuster
		- Sokly Heng - +1-619-206-3325
		- Hi Sokly. My name is Nikhil Maddirala and I'm writing to you about my Geico claim 874-226-638-000-000-1. I dropped my car for repair at Golden West Collision Center in Sunnyvale CA on March 8th. I got a text message from them  on March 31 saying the care is fixed and ready. Since then I have called them multiple times to request a pickup and they keep telling me that it's not ready and they will call me back when it's ready. I am going out of town this weekend and would like to pickup the car before then if possible. I was wondering if you could help look into this for me please? Thank you!
- Viv bday
	- 3-5p
	- 1285 Sutter St