- Misc
	- DONE 1PD DS alignment doc #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]] [[February 16th, 2023]]
	- DONE Soham shoes
	- TODO Lyra therapist for couples #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]] #2023-W14
	- DONE Salt shakers #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]] #2023-W7 [[February 17th, 2023]]
	- TODO Rukma gifts - birthday + recurring #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2023-W14
	- DONE Rukma party #[[[[Projects]]-RukmaAndNikhil]] #2023-W10 [[March 7th, 2023]]
		- Please save the date to celebrate Rukma's 30th birthday! 😊
	- TODO Mentorcruise rukma recco #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]
	- DONE Scissors #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]] [[February 17th, 2023]]
- [[Daily journal]]
	- === **WELLBEING** ===
		- [[What's on my mind today?]]
			- Starting to do this new 3 habits thing. I think that's a good number, and the right things that I'm focusing on which are important to me. Vape + exercise + daily planning. All have good returns to me, yay!
			- Haven't had much time to think about the hobby project, because I've been very caught up in work. Been extremely caught up in work actually. I need to find ways to find more balance around that. Better planning and prioritization should help. Focus on the high-value tasks.
			- Looking forward to my birthday this weekend! Have some fun stuff planned; Will try to make the calls happen as well.
			- What else on my mind? Enough for now! :)
		- [[What am I grateful for today?]]
			- Grateful for my body! Despite small problems, it serves me very very well.
			- Grateful for the technology I have access to, it makes life so much easier!
			- Grateful for having good opportunities at work to progress! This is one of the biggest challenges for most people in career progression
	- === **PRODUCTIVITY** ===
		- [[What do I want to accomplish today?]]
			- 1
				- Ranking canonical
			- 3
				- Amazon doc
				- DS alignment doc
				- Birthday follow-up - Bay Area Party + Calls
		- [[What did I accomplish today?]]
		- [[What habits did I follow today?]]
			- Daily planning
			- Exercise (10 min)
			- Vape control (app + 1-hr)
- Amazon daily stand-up
	- Agenda
		- Get all inputs
		- Experiment goals?
	-
- [[Reddit]] [[PM recruiting]] call w [[Jonathan Liu - Reddit recruiter]]
	- Agenda
		- Levels and career progression
	- Ads on Reddit
		- Feed ads - look like posts
		- Format: text, images, video
	- Ads targeting org
		- Figuring out how to target ads for users
		- ML models to understand text
		- Separate from measurement, optimization, reporting, etc.
	- About the role
		- Keywords targeting and NLP
		- Looking for good PM with ML expertise
	- Salary
		- Base + RSUs (no bonus) - low 200s
		- IPO coming up - valuation can't be shared
	- Levels
		- IC3: <3 yrs
		- IC4 Senior: 4 - 7
		- IC5 Staff PM: 5-10 - equivalent to GPM
		- IC6 Principal PM / Snr. GPM
	- DONE Remove web ad blocker
- 1-1 [[Nidhi Narasimhan]]
	- Agenda
		- Update on goals
		- DS alignment
		- Identifying merchants
	- What Nidhi needs to do
		- 5-10% recall via Stripe merchants
		- Ongoing conversation w Stripe and PM John - dependency on Stripe
	- Meta Pay needs p20 goal of labels, otherwise will be very difficult
	- DONE External sharing of metrics #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]] #2023-W7 [[February 17th, 2023]]
		- Start thread with Nidhi + John + Shweta recommended
		- Ask Meta Checkout BPM
	- DONE Block QRT slot for Meta Pay #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]]
	- DONE Post on goals update for Meta Pay #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]]
		- Mid-late september
- 1-1 [[Maxime Boucher]]
	- Agenda
		- SLAs doc
	- 1PD issues
		- Yuhui and I are working on standard Pixel events via 1PD
		- DONE Long term strategy for 1PD proxy-labels + LTT #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]]
- 1-1 [[Waqas Dhillon]]
	- DONE Attribution for Adscore gains for 1PD projects - ask Yuhui #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]]
	- DONE How can our work on 1PD benefit other model teams? #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]]
- 1-1 w [[Chuan Goh]] on iRev sizing for SL
	- MFT DS + Chuan looking at new features for auto-fill
	- Auto-fill
		- Offers to save CC number for re-use in IAB
		- Autofill events - post-purchase event like save can be used as label for 1PD
	-
- DONE DS sizing thread w [[Ida Li]] and [[Damien Lefortier]]
	- Makes sense, Damien - we should try to merge with Ida's #2 and #3. 
	  
	  But I'm also wondering if our exercise (Damien's link above) could be useful to inform #1 (1PD LRP), which is a precursor to #2 and #3? The first part of our exercise is basically applying the "SL Recovery rate Playbook" step by step for all the 1PD bets (i.e. *running* the playbook). Mitali's team may already be working on a similar exercise, and that could be a good place to begin "merging" efforts?
	  
	  In any case, it would be good to ensure that we're all aligned on the assumptions used to run the SL Recovery Playbook for #1, because that will inform all the downstream efforts listed by Ida.
	-
- 1-1-1 w [[Shuai Liu]] and [[Mandeepak Singh]]
	- Agenda
		- Capacity planning
		- DS alignment update
	- DONE Consolidate capacity ask - include IAW LH + Meta Checkout #[[[[Projects]]-1PD]] #2023-W10
- Meta Checkout: 1PD Ads Ranking Training Data w [[Saurabh Chokshi]], [[Shuai Liu]], [[Grant Swinton]], etc.
	- Follow ups captured by Shuai in doc
- Private Delivery - Workstream 2: Ranking sub-workstream w [[Tarek Elgamal]] and team
	- Agenda
		- Workshop in Seattle next week?
- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]
	- Agenda
		- 1PD stakeholders understanding - calibration stakeholders and others - DS issues
		-