- [[Rukma]] plot outline
  collapsed:: true
	- Part 1:Rise:
		- In Timeline 1, the young Maya is born with shakti, the ability to practice Veresht magic, which is derived from magical beings called devas and danavas.. A teenage Maya meets the mage Parashara, they have a child named Veda Vyasa. But the Order of the Magi takes the baby from her, because they believe the baby is a great prophet who is destined to save Veresht. Maya is left heartbroken and powerless against the powerful men. She meets Devdutt, the Crown Prince, and begins to heal, forming a close friendship. As Maya's romantic feelings for Devdutt begin to bloom, she discover that his father, High King Shantanu, desires her as his queen. Maya is betrayed again. When Devdutt tries to convince her to accept his father's proposal, she demands that Devdutt vow never to marry or have children. Hurt and angry, Maya marries Shantanu, becoming High Queen of Hastinapur. At court, she meets many foreign ambassadors, including a man with yellow hair who claims to be the representative of an island country in the west called Beorhtenwald. Maya and Shantanu have two sons who die young, and when Shantanu dies, Maya ascends to the throne as High Queen Regent. In the background of this story, we learn that Hastinapur is constantly at war with the neighboring kingdom of Panchala.
	- Part 2: Remember:
		- Rati Ayazdi wants to free Veresht from the oppressive Beorhten Empire, which has colonized her homeland and is exploiting its people and resources through essencebinding, a parasitic system of magic that binds the "magical essence" of powerful magical creatures, mages, and environmental resources to large machines. Rati, a practitioner of Veresht magic like Maya, seeks to defend her people from the empire's destructive essencebinding. Her childhood friend Mangal, a Beorhten soldier, inspires her to lead a rebellion, but it ultimately fails. Mangal is executed, and Rati reluctantly marries Mathuranath Sanghaur, a collaborator with the Beorhten. Although heartbroken, she realizes she can use her new position to plan a more significant rebellion.
	- Part 3: Reign:
		- Maya invites her eldest son, Veda Vyasa, to impregnate her late sons' wives to secure the dynasty's future. Veda Vyasa, who is very compassionate and wise, names his mother Satyavati, the truth keeper. He refuses to father any children with an unwilling woman, and instead brings two young children, Dhri and Pandu with him. He tells his mother that the truth is hers to command, and she should create the story that Dhri and Pandu are the heirs. Devdutt agrees with this plan. Satyavati loves the two little boys and begins to recover some of her lost self in bringing them up. Then, the Panchalans send a magically-enhanced assassin after the boys, who ends up blinding Dhri and paralyzing Pandu. Satyavati is inconsolable. She readies the armies to invade Panchala. The Beorhtenweld emmissary offers to help. He says there's a new type of magic that no army in Veresht has. He demonstrates the power of essencebinding. Satyavati, after some deliberation, and against both Devdutt and Vedavyasa's advice, decides to invite the Beorhten binders to help her defeat Panchala, thus opening the door to the eventual Beorhten invasion and colonization of Veresht. The last scene in Satyavati's perspective is her "showing" Dhri the battlefield with magic.
	- Part 4: Rage:
		- Rati's son Vev discovers that the Beorhten are planning to break the land in two, and bind the essence of all of Veresht to the Beorhten crown. Rati cannot let this happen, as it will erase all Veresht magic. She works with Vev and a group of young resistance fighters to prevent the breaking. [And I don't know what happens next]
- Revised plot outline
  collapsed:: true
	- Timeline 1: pre-1750
		- Parts 1,3
		- Mahabharata story / Satyavati
	- Timeline 2: 1850 - 1947?
		- Rati
		- Parts 2,4
		- Backstory / flashback