- Misc
	 - TODO Flat cardboard box tying solution #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Home]]

	 - TODO eye mask #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Shopping]]

	 - DONE Sue IPD 650-400-1818

	 - DONE Maxime - DFCA SG leads comment in email

- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]] on JH Amazon doc
	 - Concern w BWP
		 - CVR may be lower than classic Amazon campaigns

	 - JH doc
		 - What is all the universe of data Amazon could share? How does that impact us and them?

	 - Damien / Commerce - new threads
		 - Better integration w Shop Ads - Me to drive this

		 - We have existing bets that are going fine - new bets integration - Shop Ads needs tighter integration with Core ML / ranking

		 - Chat w Mandeepak - ask him whether I can lead some of these newer workstreams

		 - DONE Reach out to Damien
			 - Hi Damien! Sagar mentioned that you are looking into some new workstreams under 1PD HVR where you wanted more support from Sagar's Core ML PM team, and he wanted me to work with you (+ Mandeepak / Yuhui) to identify those workstreams and ramp-up to support them. Can you provide any more context on these workstreams or point me to any relevant docs? Thank you!

- Private Delivery leads w [[Tal Hayat]], [[Maxime Boucher]], [[Chuck Jia]]
	 - Maxime - Data Gap
		 - We are already working on filtering logic to address this for AEMv2 - need to make sure we are using same filtering logic for PC

		 - Team to meet w Maxime to ensure alignment

		 - Data gap will also impact Calibration - need analysis to size gap

	 - Latency SLA - Dave
		 - Need formal requirements from Calibration team

		 - Chuck can show the impact of various target SLAs - to publish impact analysis

		 - Should the SLA be aligned between AEM and PC? PC should have same SLAs as AEM.

	 - DONE 1-1 w Chuck Jia on SLA

	 - DONE Unified Delivery SLAs doc for PC #[[[[Projects]]-MPC]]
		 - Ranking vs Cali

		 - 2023 vs 2025 or short term vs long term

		 - ((4fd85959-840d-45b2-b455-858e3af0ccc9))
			 - ((56086b2a-7d9a-43d8-892d-45cfc3fa46b1))

			 - ((87c72afb-5dd1-4036-884b-e183fb1f7932))

			 - ((f5d02c36-6030-4c11-99df-ad2958ae9e38))

			 - ((6413f782-e025-464b-87cb-89c57e17f210))

	 - 

- 1pd execution tracking meeting w [[Mandeepak Singh]], [[Gerardo Cantu]]
	 - Palak - new event types?
		 - Should we separate the event fromg offsite conversion events rather than merging

		 - This is a BIG fundamental change to the entire project - otherwise we would have selected option 3

	 - Signals
		 - 1PD designs not OFA

		 - Using a separate table

		 - Phase 1 - pixel ID will be required parameter - Meta Pay may not be able to provide for some number of events

- DONE Value of signal sharing for competitors
	 - Hi NAME! As part of our efforts to engage Signal Gain advertisers (i.e. convincing advertisers to share conversion signals to adopt conversion optimization vs. link click optimization), I am trying to answer two questions:

1/ What is 

- DONE Yuhui
	 - Thanks for sharing that context, Yuhui. As part of my growth plan, Sagar and I thought it would be good for me to support the entire 1PD workstream (including product and ML). However, I do understand your concerns about the PM split being efficient, and I'd like to do whatever I can to make this more efficient.

	 - I'd also love to get your feedback and input on my goals and expectations as PM supporting you on 1PD, and develop a concrete action plan that we can track together.

	 - Separate topic: can you help me understand the differences between (1) Core ML <> IAW LH collaboration model, and (2) Core ML <> Commerce collaboration model

- IAW LH w [[Apurva Pathak]], [[Yuhui Ouyang]]

- 1-1 w [[Nidhi Narasimhan]]
	 - DONE Mandeepak to escalate A/B testing

	 - DONE Ping Mitali group
		 - Hi @Harold / @Mitali Gurnani! Just wanted to highlight that lack of MDE understanding continues to be a major risk for our goal of A/B testing with Meta Pay.

		 - Ref: Gerardo post

	 - DONE Set up weekly cadence for A/B testing

	 - 

- [[Therapy]] w [[Daniel Garcia]]
	 - Rukma organizing birthday party
		 - I am uncomfortable letting go of control

		 - I will let this go and tell Rukma to do it

		 - Note my feelings of discomfort

		 - Thought stopping - say a word out loud to get me out of the negative thoughts

		 - Each moment when I'm not controlling it is a win

	 - habit tracking
		 - Exercising

		 - Quit vaping

	 - 
