- Misc
	- DONE Career plan w [[Anna Kotliarevskaia]] #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2023-W10
		- Key factors
			- Money - $1M
			- WLB - 40 hrs
			- Personal fulfillment
		- Anna's Qs - 3 year ideal picture
			- What are you working on?
				-
			- How many meetings do you have every day?
			- What do you discuss in meetings?
			- Who do you spend most of your time with at work (engineering, product leaders, marketing, sales?)
				-
			- What is the culture like?
				- Non-hierarchical
				- Efficient communication
			- How much time do you have outside of work? How do you spend that time?
				- 40 hrs / week at work
				- Weekends + PTO completely free and off the grid
				- Weekends - spend time with friends and family
			- When you meet people at a party, what do you tell them about your job?
				-
			- What if your lifestyle? Where do you live? What do your vacations look like?
				- Bay Area house 3 bed / 2 bath - ideally in a nice neighborhood like San Mateo
				- Not sure about rent vs buy
				- Probably had our first kid by then - I'm either on paternity leave or just returned to work
				- Vacations (pre-kid)
					- 1 trip / year to India to visit family
					- 1 trip / year
					- Multiple short vacations (long weekends, etc.) with friends in the US or nearby
			- At the end of the day, what are your emotions? What are you excited about / worried about?
		- My Qs
			- What are my wins
				- Being the expert on a topic and helping other people learn through workshops, 1-1s, etc. (e.g. recent presentation to MFT)
				- Being the expert on a topic and communicating to customers, xfn partners (e.g. evangelizing AEP)
			-
	- TODO Show single Chrome window on multiple extensions? #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-IT]]
		- Is there any way to assign a single Chrome window (not the entire app) to "all desktops / spaces"?
		- Current workflow: My current workflow uses multiple desktops to organize my projects / tasks. Each desktop has multiple Chrome windows related to the specific task I'm working on, so that I can quickly context switch between multiple tasks:
			- Desktop 1: multiple Chrome windows related to task 1
			- Desktop 2: multiple Chrome windows related to task 2
			- Desktop 3: multiple Chrome windows related to task 3
		- Problem: I have one Chrome window with tabs that are common to all tasks (WP, chat, calendar, etc.) and I would like to assign this window to all desktops. Unfortunately the MacOS "assign to all desktops" setting only operates at the app level (not at the level of specific windows).
		- Possible workaround: Assign Safari to all desktops and open my common tabs in Safari. Use Chrome only for desktop-specific tabs / windows. But I'd much rather use Chrome than Safari, so this is not a great workaround.
		- Any other workarounds in MacOS or with third-party apps? Thanks in advance for your suggestions! 😊
- Meet w [[Goodwin Chen]], [[Owen Brown]]
	- RM process and teams
		- Central Ads RM team
			- Demand planning
			- Admission control
			- Utilization and allocation
			- Insights and monitoring
		- Each resource has a POC
			- Training data - pipelines, ad-hoc warehouse storage - Goodwin
			- Features - DEF
			- Model training -
			- QRT -
		-
- 1-1 [[Maxime Boucher]]
	- PD is dead?
		- Anything else to do?
		- Reduce our meeting frequency?
		- TEE - what's the goal there?
	- 1PD
		- 1PD canonical overview
		- DS framework - problems w dedup and resilience
		- Order of shipping should not matter
	- DONE 1PD measurement - creative exploer
		- Log feature only for certain users - hold out features for certain users - hold-out
		- Can we use DS studies with 3PD feature coverage
			- 70% of features come from product A
			- 30% of features come from product B
		- Can we use label ratio?
			- A/B test with label only - remove label from each product
			- Then scale impact of feature by label ratio
		- Ensure debuggability to know which product is causing the corruption
	- Meet in MPK?
		- Wed - summit all day - then review 4.30 - 5.15 - then pinstripes
		- Can meet Thursday
- 1-1 [[Liquan Huang]]
	- Agenda
		- How to make measurement plan separating
		- How to ensure that we are informing 1PD prioritization?
		- 1PD canonical - DS items
		- Reviews we want to set up?
	- LRP
		- Getting Jill ramped up - recovery framework needs every single input
	- Push back w Mitali / Ida
		- Lot of back and forth on LRP
		- They have the wrong idea about 1PD sizing estimates
		- They are not deduping for LRP - only deduping for downstream stuff
		- Core ML only cares about adscore LRP
		- Ida is proposing not to dedupe
	- Some dependencies on our side - we don't have the headroom
		- Old playbook - 75% - ask Jill
- 1-1 [[Rohit Iyer]]
	- Agenda
		- General intros
		- 1PD canonical overview and ask for TPM support
	- About Rohit
		- Joined April 2022
		- Previously Oracle Hospitality Cloud - all hotels, cruise ships, etc., casinos
		- MS in Computer / Electrical Engineering - hardware - then moved to software
		- TPM for Signal Growth - track 4 + Direct TPM for some individual projects within track 4
		- Used to also focus on Privacy - CDS etc. - but they got a new TPM Kunal - then Rohit transitioned to
	- UGC experience
		- Was absolute chaos before he joined
		- Once organized, machine moves on its own
		- DONE Set up 1-1 w Rohit for work scope analysis
	-
- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]
	- Agenda
		- PSC feedback
			- Feedback from others
			- Feedback from you
			- IC6 promotion - how to start building case?
			- Layoffs coming up?
		- 1PD project
			- Rohit is helping
	- Amazon update
		- ClickID - will provide feedback from Amzn execs on guardrails etc - k-anon, user profile decoration, etc.
		- DFCA - said it would be easier and more excited
	- Yuhui feedback
		- + communication skills and reviews - OBA FSC 1PD etc.
		- - build more ads knowledge and relationships outside ranking
	- IC6 Promotion
		- Two things - Scope and Behaviors
		- DONE Create doc for promo case
	- Sagar's take on IC6
		- Working fully independently from manager and other PMs
		- Provide step change in clarity, ownership, direction, strategy
		- Driving alignment around this step change
		- Sagar thinks I'm at the beginning of this journey - continue with the strategy work and drive it w Deepali etc
	- Promotion process
		- Sagar puts me up - writes a packet for me - mapping to scope etc
		- Calibration - all managers and directors in Ads
		- Deepali, Mandeepak, other leaders should be supportive
	-
- 1-1 [[Piyush Agarwal]]
	- Agenda
		- AI startup ideas
		- Business models and use cases
- 1-1 [[Angela Hu]]
	- Agenda
		- Intro 1-1
- [[AgentOS]] - [[product discovery space]]
	- Nikhil's Sprint based on design / discovery sprint by [[Jake Knapp]]
	- Map problem space
		- Facilitator: Map key players and the journey of information or processes
		- Team members: Identify gaps, pain points, and opportunities for solutions (minimum 10 per team member)
	- Prioritize problems
		- Team member: Vote on the top problems (each team member selects their top 3-5 problems)
		- Facilitator: Choose the top 3-10 most voted problems and formulate them as HMW (how might we) questions
	- Ideate solutions
		- Team members: Each team member generates as many solutions as possible (minimum 10 per team member; 1-2 sentences per solution)
	- Prioritize solutions
		- Team member: Vote on the top solutions (each team member selects their top 3 problems)
		- Facilitator: Choose the top 1-3 most voted solutions
	- Prototype 1-3 solutions
		- TBD: Create a realistic prototype / detailed description / mockup
	- Test with real users
		- TBD: Get feedback from real users
	-