- Journal
  collapsed:: true
	- I'm really dreading to go back to work right now. Looming deadlines and projects not going well. Meta Checkout not yet finalized. Strategy paper needs work right now. But it's not that bad is it? Now that I think about it, nothing I can't handle. There's also the sinking feeling in my stomach, but that's kind of usual and par for course right now. Or I mean, it's not too bad. It's just a feeling. It comes and goes.
	- What should I do about it? Let me first acknowledge that I do have some frustration right now. I am frustrated that I don't get recognition from Mandeepak, and Yuhu, and Shuai. Those are my primary collaborators in this project, and it's tough to operate without getting recognition from them or a sense that I am adding value to them. That's a tough situation to be in. It's not all on me to turn this around. I am a great person, and I know that I'm really smart and have a lot of value to add. It's just that these relationships have been a little difficult. That's okay. It doesn't have to be perfect. Also, I've decided that I will care a little less about work for now. Just move things along without trying to do the perfect job or go the extra mile. Maybe review the projects list and refactor what I will vs won't do. But at least for now there are some things I need to do that I should get back to.
	- It's okay, I've got this! What are the top work priorities for this week?
		- Strategy doc
		- MC alignment
	- That's it, everything else is just icing. Do a good job of the strategy doc, and things will follow.
- Misc
	- DONE Roadmapping updates - update Sagar roadmap and Mandeepak roadmap
- 1-1 [[Shuai Liu]]
	- Strategy doc
	- MC alignment
	- Roadmapping
- [[Lyra]] care manager meeting
	- How do I find more providers? I only get a short list
	- How do I use online booking tool? Couldn't use it with last provider
- Delivery + R&P meet w [[Shuai Liu]], [[Yuan He]]
	- FSC launch
	- Roadmapping
- 1PD HVR ranking w [[Shuai Liu]], [[Prateek Sharma]], etc.
	- Roadmapping
- [[Therapy]] w [[Tucker Peck]]
	- Update
		- Didn't use my task manager much - used it for
	- DONE Productivity coaching - explore with more regular touchpoints
		- https://www.goalswon.com/#howitworks
		- https://www.focused.space/
		- Coach.me
	- Reasons why I'm having procrastination issues
		- Emotional avoidance
		- Guilt
		- Work avoidance
	- Two parts of myself
		- One part: productivity machine / manager persona
		- Other part: rebel / rest / persona
		- I need to try mediating between the two parts