- Misc
	- BIG
		- DONE HPM #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]] [[April 3rd, 2023]]
			- Highlights
				- 1PD Summit
				- SFV Hackathon
			- Priorities
				- 1PD intake
				- 1PD x MC
				- PSC reflection
			- Me
				- Hike photo
		- DONE GTD update [[April 3rd, 2023]]
	- SMALL
		- DONE Yoav amazon update [[April 3rd, 2023]]
		- DONE MC update [[April 3rd, 2023]]
- [[Therapy]] w [[Tucker Peck]]
	- Plus: not vaping
		- DONE No vaping - talk to Aaron
	- Task avoidance
		- Stopped my todo list and goals list and avoiding day to day tasks
		- Need to develop mindfulness of the feeling that I'm trying to avoide
		- Goal for short term is not to overcome - but just to feel it fully - take a few minutes to meditate on it and journal on it
	- Misc
		- DONE Next week - 5p doesn't work - moved to 3p
- Amazon task for Yoav
	- Okay, what's going on here? Let me try to briefly journal about it and think about how I feel. Yoav is looking for a rough range of estimates, that's not at all an unreasonable ask. I just spoke to him about this and it sounded very reasonable. Until then what was I thinking? I was a bit frustrated that he was asking me to do to something I think is unreasonable which other people don't have interest in contributing to.
	- I'm also frustrated by the lack of alig
- [[Amazon]] meet w [[Yoav]]
	- DONE Questions on Amazon sizing
		- Protections are not yet defined
		- Cannot size all options
- 1-1 [[Steven Kannan]]
	- 1PD update
	- Liyuan will come onboard
		- Near term - hiring and building team
		- Broader SL understanding goals workstream
	-
- Ads LLM idea w [[Sukhesh Miryala]], [[Deepak Chandra]], [[Anjali Vaidya]]
- Delivery + R&P meet
	- Missed goal?
	- New opportunities?
- SG Ranking 1PD review
	- Update on all workstreams
-