- [[Daily journal]]
	 - === **WELLBEING** ===

	 - [[What's on my mind today?]] 
		 - My journal, yay! What IS on my mind? I've been bouncing around different things this morning on my computer
			 - DONE Shopping for jeans

			 - Shopping for shoes

			 - Looking up Tana / Logseq workflows for tasks

			 - DONE Finding the right weighing machine - that's what I was doing this morning

			 - Thinking about working in VC

			 - Making progress on PM career

			 - Talking to Rukma this morning about how much we enjoy our life together

			 - Thinking about hobbies of mine - old and new

			 - Catching up with friends and family from India

			 - How I want to be spending my time day to day and issues

			 - Is vyvanse helping me focus really?

			 - TODO Ask Melissa to edit my PM podcast #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2023-W15
				 - Hey, this is a bit of an odd request. I feel uncomfortable sharing this podcast with my friends and family, because it prominently calls out compensation information both in the show notes and in the podcast intro. I'm very sorry - I know this is my own fault.

				 - Here are some possible solutions, in increasing order of complexity for you; NOTE: - maybe format as table?
					 - Just remove the compensation section from the show notes and leave the audio intact.

					 - Remove the compensation section from the show notes and remove the intro section of the podcast where it says "look at the show notes for more info"

					 - IDEAL (make this the top option): Revert the podcast to the original state it was in before I requested any changes. i.e. Remove the compensation section from the show notes and remove the entire intro section of the podcast

				 - None of the options require removing the actual section where I discussed

				 - Feel free to not make any of these changes - it was clearly my fault that I did this in the first place.

			 - DONE Mindbloom - tomorrow Sunday 1/22

			 - DONE Quitting vaping

			 - DONE PM blog posts

		 - Okay, that's the uber list of topics. Time to stop bouncing from topic to topic and maybe think more deeply about any one topic. Just went to the bathroom and more topics came up. As more topics come up, I'll add them to the list on top, and start thinking about some individual topics for now.

		 - PM comp / Melissa podcast
			 - Why do I feel uncomfortable about sharing this podcast which features compensation info prominently?

			 - I think because a lot of my family is based in India and for them to hear these numbers would be quite a jarring experience. I fear it may alter my relationship with them. They don't have any context on bay area cost of living, cost of education in the US, etc. Or any idea about typical comp.

			 - Who is this the case with? For example if people like Pranay and Vivek learn about my comp, they might feel disgruntled about the fact that I don't spend more money on them. Is this really the case? 

			 - Recently Meera attha asked me how much money I make and I was reluctant to share with her. She actually just asked how much I pay in rent, and I didn't want to share that info. Why? I love her, and I know she has my best interests at heart, but I fear that she may spread this to other people. What impact would that have? Suppose it becomes widely known. Then what? I think I'd rather keep this information private.

			 - Who are the people that could find out on whom it might have adverse impact vs. who it won't. My parents for example I have no issues sharing with - they would probably just be proud of me. But it might have some smaller impacts like they may start questioning our saving / spending decisions etc. That's really minor though. 

			 - There's also a cultural faux-pas against prominently displaying salary info especially if it's very high or very low. I def fall into the very high category.

			 - Another issue is w Rukma's family. There are ongoing conversations about how her parents are always expecting us to spend money on them, and this would negatively impact those conversations and relationships. With Rukma's mom, I understand - she doesn't have much money herself, and this is her expectation of how her daughter should show her love for her. Also her expectations on spending are not ridiculously high, so it's not too hard to budget for. With her dad, it is kind of more weird. How is it from his perspective? I guess he thinks that he is spending money on other stuff anyway, and this is just a way to kind of split expenses. But it is a weird way of splitting expenses. A more normal method would be for each person to pay for their own accommodation, and then the shared expenses could be split. Maybe if he's paying for transportation, we could pay for some extra meals or something like that. Maybe next time this happens, the conversation could be about how best to split expenses and Rukma can discuss w him.

			 - But back to the main Q, how does this make me FEEL? Exposed, vulnerable, seen. What else? Uncomfortable. Unsettled.

		 - PM blog posts
			 - I think it would be nice to put up some PM blog posts. What are the ideas I have?
				 - How to break into PM

				 - How to prepare for PM interviews

				 - PM career progression

				 - Day in the life of PM

			 - These are the topics that people usually want to hear about, and people often reach out to me to ask questions about these, so it would be an easy win to point people to these resources. Similar to the Melissa podcast - which is it's own story - wrote a separate long journal bullet above. I think I could definitely come up with blog posts on each of these topics and it wouldn't be too hard. I could timebox the efforts and be done with it. Maybe try some freewriting to help get the juices flowing and then clean stuff up. Have timebox sessions to freewrite and timebox sessions to edit / clean stuff up. Need to separate the two.

		 - Quitting vaping [[smoking]] / [[vaping]]
			 - It's an important goal for me. I certainly don't want to be vaping much longer. Can't imagine 5 years later I'm still vaping. That would be ridiculous. Also, the strength of vapes these days is a problem. It's just too much nicotine.

			 - What would be my ideal state for this? I only vape very occasionally when drinking and partying. How frequent would this be? Once every month or so. Don't say or so. Once every month would be an acceptable frequency. But this is not possible for me. Once I start doing it at all with any degree of frequency, I start doing it way more. This is what Tucker keeps explaining to me. I'm lacking the ability to use this substance in moderation. Due to some genetic reasons and maybe some environmental / upbringing factors. Whatever the cause is, that's my current state. Why not treat it like a hard drug like coke? That's something I manage to do only very rarely - like once or twice a year. Temptation is too much to keep vapes around though. With coke, I'm pretty good about dumping it when done and it's also quite hard to acquire anyway.

			 - Past summary
				 - 2006 - 2014: Cigarettes (vapes towards the end)

				 - 2014 - 2016: Clean

				 - 2016 - 2017: Cigarettes

				 - 2017 - 2019: Vapes (with a 3-6 month clean spell in between)

				 - 2019 - 2022: Clean

				 - 2022 - present: Vapes

			 - How have I quit vaping or smoking in the past?
				 - High school
					 - Started smoking in 2006 in 12th grade. Heavy smoker - w Piyush, Aditya, etc. Took the habit to US. Smoked a lot in college.

					 - 2014 - transitioned from smoking to vaping in Amsterdam; vapes were very weak at that time. Then quit completely when I came back to India. How did I do it? Don't recall exactly. Didn't have a fixed plan. I think the cig -> vape transition was the hardest part. I forced myself to do it. Then quitting vaping was easier because it was 

				 - Deloitte
					 - 2016 - late 2016 I started smoking at Deloitte. It was at the STEP parties where I would get drunk and there were a lot of smokers around me. This happened only in the latter STEP 2.0 events not in the STEP 1.0 series. Then I continued smoking for about 1 year until 2017 when I went to Yale.

					 - 2017 - mid-2017 I transitioned again from cigs to vapes; started with Eon vapes in India and then switched to sub-ohm vapes at Yale, and eventually Juul

					 - 2018 - did a meditation retreat in summer break after my internship at Cornerstone - definitely didn't vape then - was clean for a while after the retreat; I didn't even drink alcohol; maybe clean for up to 6 months; then got back pretty heavy in the last quarter of MBA March - June 2019 - partying hard with lots of drinking and smoking

					 - 2019 - Did a meditation retreat in June 2019 - self guided in Hayward, Bay Area where I went cold turkey clean from vaping; was vaping a lot before the retreat. Cold turkey enabled me to completely quit.

				 - Bay Area / Aaron
					 - Fully clean from 2019 - mid 2022; Around mid-2022 in hanging out w Aaron at our place in San Mateo I started using his vape quite a bit, then I got the urge to go buy my own vape; that was the mistake and where things started going downhill. Around July 2022 I started buying vapes and vaping on a regular basis. Started out as something I did only while drinking, but then expanded to more daily use.

			 - TODO Quit vaping plan #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]
				 - Options
					 - Taper down usage: 
						 - 20x/day > 10x/day > 5x/day > 3/day > 1x/day > 0

						 - time-locks: 1 hr > 4 hr > 8 hr > 24 hr > 48 hr

					 - Cold turkey weekend + meditation retreat or psychedelics; this can be used as a boost either towards the beginning or end - or both?

				 - Next steps
					 - Buy time-lock box

					 - Make plan and commit - Tucker + Rukma

					 - Explore how psychedelics can be used

					 - Account for drinking in plan

	 - [[What am I grateful for today?]]

- Misc
	 - TODO Create custom Mindbloom playlist #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]]
		 - cenizas by Nicolas Jaar

		 - Brian Eno. Ambient series

	 - DONE VC interview prep for [[a16z]] #[[[[Projects]]-EC-Career-Development]] #2023-W5

	 - TODO Mailbox return + new plan #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Home]]

	 - DONE Amazon returns -  hoodies, jeans #[[[[Projects]]-Personal-Misc]] #2023-W5

- [[Mindbloom - Ketamine]] - going deeper - Journey 4
	 - 2:45pm: Stop drinking water

	 - 3:30pm - 3:45pm: Meditation

	 - 3:45pm - 4:00pm: Set up and set intentions
		 - Be open to my feelings; relax and let go of intention

	 - 4:00pm - 5:00pm: Journey

	 - 5:00pm - 5:30pm: Journal
		 - I'm about almost an hour into my journey

		 - It probably peaked around five mins after te spit, and the peak lasted for five to ten mins max, then it's been more mellow since the

		 - What did i See?

		 - I had my usual freak out kind fo of experience where I transitioned from my daily life to the trip mode, where it looks like screens are closing and opening - lik e cinema screens. There are these wipe or fade effects and twisty effects that start bringing me on the journey

		 - Colors often are fully textured - often matching my mod mood

		 - There was Winterfell being attacked or defened from the sea - probably the wrong castle - but I was seeing the water and the ships and the castle

		 - I was able to scope out or zoom out of my day to day, and think about ife as a whole or the universe as a whole

		 - I'm still listening to the sound scape as I journal thi

		 - What else do I remember? ti twisty worlds to go through; no people there; I am connected to a mystical realm; itss like telarandriad from RandLand

	 - 5:30pm - 6:00pm: Relax
