- Misc
	- DONE Stakeholder management template #[[[[Projects]]-Work-misc]]
- Chat w [[Will Bullock]]
	- Thanks Will! My main questions:
		- 1/ Does the info in my doc represent our latest and greatest collective understanding of this topic? Or is there any more up-to-date source of truth I can refer to?
		- 2/ Are there any ongoing efforts to improve our understanding in this space? If yes, who is working on this?
- 1-1 [[Faizan Bhat]]
	- Planning the workshop
	- What to use large group sessions for?
		- How MVP ladders up to bigger opportunity?
- DONE PXFN update for Dina [[February 3rd, 2023]]
- Amazon performance understanding w [[Fan Yuan]]
	- Agenda
		- Review numbers
	- No one showed up! 😔
- 1-1 [[Tal Hayat]]
	- Tal says to sit tight and hold back on all PD work until we get more clarity from SoT
- Chat w [[Tarek Elgamal]]
	- DONE Need SLAs doc
- 1-1 [[Lulu Cao]] for [[career coaching]]
	- Agenda
		- How does career coaching work?
	- Pricing
		- Started w low price, but increased
		- Tiered pricing
			- IC: $300 / hr
			- Mid - Sr: $400 / hr
			- More: $500 / hr
		- Packages available
		- 100% satisfaction guarantee - provide feedback and get a make-up session
	- Logistics
		- Long term - meet 2x/month
		- Short term - 1x/week or 2x/month
	- Process
		- Discuss my goals and challenges
		- HW and assignments on getting feedback, building a path for myself
		- Does not give advice unless needed
		- E.g. prioritizing stakeholders and self-reflection, and skills I want to improve and make goals
		- Every time we meet, we review what heppened - if I applied something I worked on
		- Action items and follow-ups
	- How to build trust?
		- Understand clearly what they need from me
		- Communicate clearly what I need from them
		-
- Research on [[career coaching]]
	- Mentorcruise
- [[Mentorcruise]] for [[career coaching]]
	- About myself
		- Hi, I'm Nikhil 👋 I'm a Product Manager with a passion for AI/ML. I'm currently a PM at Meta on the Ads Personalization Core ML team. Prior to Meta I built AI/ML capabilities for consumer and enterprise products at Adobe, and I started my career as a management consultant with Deloitte.
		- I love learning, and my higher education includes philosophy, logic, business, and computer science. I live in the SF Bay Area with my wife Rukma, and my hobbies include reading science fiction & fantasy and playing VR table tennis 🏓.
	- My goals
		- Goal: improve my leadership and influence skills to increase my impact, get more visibility, and get promoted into a leadership role.
		- Steps I've taken: (1) identified key projects where I need to increase my impact; (2) identified key stakeholders with whom I need to improve my relationships
	- What are your challenges or obstacles in pursuing your goal? What kind of help do you need from your mentor?
		- My expectations are:
		- (1) Work with my mentor on developing an action plan and key milestones / outcomes
		- (2) Regularly check-in with my mentor on progress against my plan
	- Chat w [[Angelina Fomina]]
	- Application to become a mentor
		- Why do you want to become a mentor? (Not publicly visible)*
			- I love helping others learn and grow. I get a lot of outreach on LinkedIn from potential mentees who want to talk to me about product management and computer science / machine learning, and I love mentoring those people, but these are usually one-off conversations. I want to develop longer term mentoring relationships and improve my mentoring skills.
		- What, in your opinion, has been your greatest achievement so far? (Not publicly visible)*
			- I've succeeded in my academic life at some of the world's best universities (UPenn, Yale, UChicago) and in my professional life some of the world's top companies (Meta, Deloitte, Adobe, Meta). I believe that being admitted into and then succeeding at these top institutions is an achievement that many potential mentees would like to learn from. (Probably not my "greatest" achievement - but one that is likely of most interest to potential mentees.)
- [[Product Management Mentorship]] at Facebook
	- Why do you want to be a mentor?
		- I love helping others learn and grow, and I can leverage my expertise in product management and machine learning; I want to improve my mentoring skills
	- What is your goal for mentorship? Why do you want a mentor?
		- Improve my leadership skills to grow from IC5 to IC6
	- Tell us about your interests and hobbies.
		- Deepening interpersonal relationships; reading science fiction and fantasy; podcasts; travel; AI / ML
	- Tell us about your education/career background.
		- Education in philosophy, business, and computer science; career in management consulting and product management.
	- Are you a part of any MRGs (see below), or other communities at Meta that are important to you?
		- Asian & Pacific Islanders@, Neurodiverse@
	-
- Look for [[PM Circle]] on [[career coaching]]
	- Logan Kerr - crucial conversations - reached out
	- Sheela - PM Growth Circle