- Testing Logseq queries
  collapsed:: true
	- From siferiax
	  collapsed:: true
		- query-table:: false
		  #+BEGIN_QUERY
		  {:title "🔨 All projects"
		    :query [:find (pull ?b [*])
		            :where
		            [?p :block/name "projects"]
		            [?par :block/refs ?p]
		            (or [?b :block/parent ?par]
		       [?b :block/refs ?p])
		            [?b :block/marker ?marker]
		            [(contains? #{"TODO"} ?marker)]
		    ]
		  :collapsed? true
		  }
		  #+END_QUERY
		- #+BEGIN_QUERY
		  {:title "🔨 projects - 1pd"
		    :query [:find (pull ?b [*])
		            :where
		            [?p :block/name "[[projects]]-1pd"]
		            [?par :block/refs ?p]
		            (or [?b :block/parent ?par]
		       [?b :block/refs ?p])
		            [?b :block/marker ?marker]
		            [(contains? #{"TODO"} ?marker)]
		    ]
		  :collapsed? true
		  }
		  #+END_QUERY
	- Random
	  collapsed:: true
		- ```
		  ```
		- {{query (and (task LATER DOING DONE) (page ))}}
		- {{query (and (task NOW LATER TODO) [[Projects]] ) }}
- 1-1 [[Yucheng]]
	- In long term AAL provides 70% value of de-ID
	- 20% users * 70 &
	- De-ID for Amazon will be minimal
	- OBA opt-out
		- Everyone else doing A&A
		- A&D is only for AMazon small group
		- Value is minimal
	- Separate pipeline vs. existing pipeline
		- Separate pipeline means dedicate
- 1-1 [[Sagar Pilania]]
  collapsed:: true
	- De-ID proposal
		- Take Li's flow and explain further
		- What is and is not entailed in output closure
		- Work closely w Legal on what we can/cannot say
	- DONE [#B] De-ID next steps
		- Create copy of "final proposal" and add updates on that
	- EOD today or tomorrow morning add Sagar
- 1-1 [[Yoav]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Why we need allowlisting? Even if iRev is small, we want to set a precedent for future
	- Yoav will tee up the question of whether we should even do that?
- 1-1 w [[Li Zhou]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Nimish
		- Data is coming in and we are releasing only to the labels use case - if data is opted in, it can flow as 3PD; if opted out, PIPE takes over and doesn't release to anything in delivery
		- Downstream training data needs to get locked for label only usage
	- Li
		- Similar to de-ID
		- ML infra - Cali, QRT, etc. doesn't have output closure
- 1-1 w [[Liquan Huang]]
  collapsed:: true
	- I'm acting more like 1PD product PM rather than delivery PM
	- Asks from product team - some legit asks some not legit
	- Specific feedback to address
		- Understand more about sizing methodology and framework
		- Summit - asked several questions - but ask directly to team rather than at the summit
		- Immediate needs for me to help
			- Experiment sizing framework
			- Dedupe is not something our team should drive
			- Experiment review and sign-off > Yejing
		- Tactical tips
			- Push back more on 1PD teams asks
- Meet w [[Sukhesh Miryala]], etc.
  collapsed:: true
	- We want to estimate how demand is increasing from Amazon?
- 1-1 [[Prateek Sharma]]
  collapsed:: true
	- About Prateek
		- At FB 5+ years
		- FB - video recommendations in watch tab - mostly in recommendation space
		- Focusing on 1PD - w Yuhui
		- Living in Seattle 10 years - before FB - MSFT - before
		- Cherry blossoms WashU
	- Shop Ads
		- Converting on shops platform
- 1-1 [[Mandeepak Singh]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Amazon issues and culture
	- MC tactical outcomes
		- Agree on measurability issues
			- Minimal possibility of measuring incr. value
	- Phase 1 vs Phase 2 - MC 1p vs 3p issues
		- If advertiser doesn't have CAPI, then lack of measurement integration means they won't be able to measure the outcome
		- Phase 1 cannot be used to take MC to production; needs measurement improvement
	- Feedback from [[Liquan Huang]]
		- Earn the trust and be close to your own team
		- My personality is such that when things pop up in my mind I will ask the question - not everyone will get that
	- Feedback from Mandeepak to me
		- Build relationships
		- Questions and feedback - give it privately
- Kamesh
  collapsed:: true
	- Connecting Aditi (prospective Wellesley student) with Tarini (Wellesley alum)
	  
	  Hi Aditi - Tarini is happy to talk to you about Wellesley. Please feel free to reach out to Tarini via email or Whatsapp: Tarinimohan@gmail.com / +91 8826987164
-