---
type: DailyNote
title: March 14, 2024
date: '2024-03-14'
tags: []
---

- Misc

    - Zhen 1-1

        Hi Naomi, hope you're doing well! I'm writing to request a 25-mins 1-1 on Zhen's calendar please. I'm in BEL all day today and then tomorrow until 1pm, so any availability today or tomorrow for in-person would be greatly appreciated! Else if that's not possible, then we can do a VC next week. Thanks very much in advance for your help! 😊 

        (I already chatted with Zhen and he said he is okay to have this meeting)

    - HH

        Hey, if you're still in office, feel free to join Happy Hour at Showcase Cafe - I'll be there for a bit: https://fburl.com/noms/ow6gmx8i

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Prateek Sharma]]

    - Summit & SAIL planning

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Marvin Kim]]

    - Project scope, allocations

    - Stakeholders list

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Sha Meng]]

    - PSML + SAIL overview

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Maxime Boucher]]

    - Feedback from last week

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Zhen Chen]]

    - Overall 

        - I have too much on my plate

        - Try to offload PPML and focus on PSML

    - Semantic ranking

        - Data and feature

            - Consider merging data and feature into a single track for high level reviews

            - Data section should include Signals roadmap (Signals was funded 2 HC for this project and they should be accountable)

            - Distinction between content vs. sequence data is unclear, because all data is sequence data; maybe distinguish content vs. id based data.

        - Modeling

            - Emphasize new technologies that we are building in Signal Growth (e.g. direction proposed by Zhen)

            - Clarify relationship to various existing AI4Ads technologies beyond ATOM (e.g. CRDL, etc.)

        - Applications

            - Emphasize broad coverage across various lower funnel ranking models including CoreML, CDP, etc.

        - Overall

            - Review should cater to two key audiences: SGI leads and RAI leads. 

            - On SGI side we want to emphasize new data we are leveraging in partnership with Signals org and how we will realize value from this new data.

            - On RAI side we want to emphasize new technologies we are building in addition to leveraging AI4Ads technologies. 



