---
type: DailyNote
title: March 20, 2024
date: '2024-03-20'
tags: []
---

- Misc

    - VO

        - Looks like I stumbled upon a way to unlock some advertiser adoption for Value Optimization! 😅
        
        [https://fb.workplace.com/groups/AdsInterfaces/posts/7197724466949413/?comment_id=7197758276946032](https://fb.workplace.com/groups/AdsInterfaces/posts/7197724466949413/?comment_id=7197758276946032)


    - iRev post

        - ✅ 2023-H2 iRev: signed, sealed, delivered!

            TLDR: We officially met our 2023-H2 goal of 0.055% iRev and we are on-track to exceed our 2024-H1 goal of 0.07% iRev for 1PD HVS! 

            | Half    | iRev goal | iRev realized | Status                  |
            | ------- | --------- | ------------- | ----------------------- |
            | 2023-H2 | 0.055%    | 0.055% [A]    | Completed               |
            | 2024-H1 | 0.07%     | 0.1%+ [B]     | On track to exceed goal |

            [A] This is the final and official number based on [half backtest (HBT) attribution](https://fb.workplace.com/notes/725979006337167). The entire iRev gain is due to the launch of no bounce and dwell time features. Several other proposals which were originally planned for 2023-H2 were rolled over to 2024-H1. (More info in previous update [here](https://fb.workplace.com/groups/640934777489092/permalink/892689322313635/)).

            [B] This is an early estimate based only on pre-test results for proposals rolled over from 2023-H2 to 2024-H1, and it does not include several other proposals and launches that are still in progress for 2024-H1. 



            CC: Zhen, Brad, Krishna, Dare, Marvin, Mandeepak, Harold, Di, Tosh



            
            



    - Feature

- [[../Pages/Therapy]] w/ [[../Pages/Joseph Lee]]

    - [[../Pages/Procrastination]] patterns I observe

        - Morning: high energy; procrastination only due to resistance; once I get started for 5-10 mins I can keep going

        - Afternoon: low energy; procrastination also due to low energy; sometimes I can't keep going after starting

        - Evening: doom scrolling

    - Problems

        - Task paralysis: [[How to Defeat Your Pesky Task Paralysis]]

    - Strategies

        - Find intrinsic motivation

        - Reinforce positive behavior with rewards

            - Use the procrastination behavior (e.g. scrolling reddit or checking email) as the reward

            - Reward yourself for even starting a task. Can get reward for even 10 mins of starting task.

        - Avoid negative reinforcements

