---
type: DailyNote
title: May 8, 2024
date: '2024-05-08'
tags: []
---

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Marvin Kim]]

    - Project is going pretty well

        - Have a detailed data flow now

    - Career development

        - After you talked to Kash about mentoring me, he was letting me lead the narrative and conversation for a while, but that since changed

        - At this point

    - Feedback for me

        - Need to know what PXFN cares about - talk to them 1-1 to understand their main concerns

        - TLs need to come up with detailed solutions, but we need to know what to present to PXFN

        - Need to operate at both high level and low level and keep both in sync

    - Feedback - becoming the lead role

        - Respond much faster in chat and be active

        - Not a linear process of TL alignment > PXFN alignment > doc writing

        - Competition with PMs will be common at Meta - speed is a key success factor here - other PMs will step in where there are gaps

    - Legal basis

        - Matching - we need it to determine consent

        - Joining

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Sunny Patel]] for [[../Pages/Mentorcruise]]

    - Feedback on mentorship

        - Sunny himself is a mentor

            - Startup with a different approach to mentoring

            - Group mentorship

        - Positive feedback

            - Providing a clear structure while also allowing the mentee to drive the conversation. Sunny enjoyed the clear goals and action plans which I structured. 

            - Providing clear and direct feedback

            - Ongoing support outside of  mentorship calls such as collaborating on messaging templates, advise on salary negotiations, etc.

            - Going above and beyond when I was traveling on vacation

        - 

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Kash Patel]]

    - Can I play more of a role in driving the conversation?

    - Can you loop me into conversations with PXFN

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Prateek Sharma]]

    - Gerardo's roadmap doc

- Misc

    Fair point, and a company like Google might even accomplish something like this given that their stated mission is "to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible"!

    But for PERSONAL knowledge management, I think curation is still crucial. I want my second brain to include only the tiny sliver of the world's information which I've consumed, in order to express what I consider important and interesting. 
    
    I guess it's just a question of where to draw the line to prevent information overload, and I should probably try both approaches (highlighting vs. content dumping) to see which works best for me.
    
    Thanks for your reply! 😊
    

