---
type: DailyNote
title: May 28, 2024
date: '2024-05-28'
tags: []
---

- [[../Pages/Web crawl]] meet w/ [[../Pages/Matic Horvat]] [[../Pages/Xunlong Gui]]

    - Notes in doc

- [[../Pages/Focusmate]] 

    - Goals: plan tasks for day, work

    - Mary Ann text

        - Hi Mary Ann, this is Nikhil - your neghbor from 17B! I'm writing to request a small favor: would you mind spending 15 mins to have a conversation with me where I can ask you for some advice on how to approach my upcoming lease renewal conversation / negotiation? I understand that you've been long term residents here (which we are also hoping to do), and would love to learn more about your experience. Please let me know if possible, and thanks in advance! 😊

- Misc May 28, 2024, 11:12 AM

    - [[../Pages/Marvin Kim]] msg

        Hey Marvin, I saw that you're unable to join today's "PSML review for SGI leads [Internal Sync]". Happy to meet without you, but I'd really appreciate if you could send a quick message in the chat thread on why you think this review is important and how it's different from the technical review we are doing for Santanu and RAI leads.

        Here's a draft you can use based on my understanding, but it would mean a lot if this came from you:
        
        I understand that you guys are working on a PSML review for Santanu and RAI leads. Additionally, I think it's also important to review with SGI leads with a focus on data strategy and new data acquisition, because Fred Leach is especially interested in this area.
         
        

- [[../Pages/Focusmate]] May 28, 2024, 11:29 AM 1.5 hrs

    - Tasks

        - Track 8 next steps ✅

            Can anyone point me to any datasets / dashboards / queries / notebooks on Link History? Here are some questions I'm trying to answer:
            
            How many URLs do we log (per day / week / month)? How many unique URLs?
            
            What's the breakdown of URLs by optimization objectives, by advertisers, by Pixel ID, etc.
            
            Thanks in advance for any pointers and/or suggestions! 😊

            CC: Apurva, Prateek B, Prateek S, Nima, Annie
            

        - Mary ann follow up ✅

        - Follow-up on appointments: tires ✅ + dental ✅ + elements ✅

        - Investment follow-up

- Meet w [[../Pages/Yuhui]] [[../Pages/Xunlong Gui]] on PSML

    - Soft attribution is a key component

    - We can represent not just SG, but also RAI and other

    - Focus first on data strategy

    - Business context and problem set up

- 1-1 w [[../Pages/Marvin Kim]]

    - Web crawl data

    - PSML review

