---
type: DailyNote
title: April 17, 2024
date: '2024-04-17'
tags: []
---

- Misc

    - [[../Pages/Prateek Sharma]] career development

        Hey Prateek, thanks so much for offering to proactively support my career development goals — I really appreciate your partnership! 😊

        Based on feedback from my leadership, the most important criteria for my promotion is to get solid feedback from IC7+ / M2+ Eng/PM stakeholders for landing strategic impact (i.e. aligning long term strategy with leadership and getting investment for roadmap). 

        I'm guessing your goals would also be similar here so why don't we collaborate on this more strategically by identifying key projects and stakeholders that will be impactful for us?

        Track 2 + 1PD strategy: Yuhui, Brian, Mandeepak

        PSML strategy: Yuhui

        SAIL strategy: Yuhui, Steven, Sha

    - Updated goals for PPML

        - Nikhil, Shuai, Zonggen, Maxime, Feng, Hang, Angela

        - Hi all, we have updated the 2024-H1 goals for PPML 3PD features. Please review and let us know in case of any concerns. Thank you!

        - 

- Focus

    - Process work inbox ✅

    - Summit presentation ✅

    - Prateek message ✅

    - UpSG canonical doc
    

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Jenny Lin]]

    - Intros

        - PPM at Meta for 10 years - anonymization, geo-split

        - Shifted to Privacy PM; focusing on 3PD for Apple and Google; may be transitioning to Kristoff 

        - Eng counterparts: Stephanie (3PD) + Ananth (anonymization)

        - Leads

            - Kishore (PM) and Dave (Eng)

    - Unattrib decision flow

    - 

- 1-1 w [[../Pages/Sunny Patel]]

- [[../Pages/Therapy]] with [[../Pages/Joseph Lee]]

    - Avoidance model vs. approach model

        - Limiting alcohol days can actually accentuate binge drinking

        - "Limiting" or "restricting" alcohol is an avoidance model; mind works towards finding loopholes

        - Approach model: what are the healthy behaviors that I want?

    - Binge drinking and upcoming travel strategies

        - Planning ahead is key

        - Rule: 1 glass of water with every drink

        - Rule: 1 snack with every drink

    - My psychology is wired to binge drinking

        - I'm associating the "feeling good" with the alcohol effects; need to refocus on feeling good through the social aspect

        - Motto: "I want to create memories"

    - How to rewire the neural pathways

        - Build positive experiences that I want to reinforce

