---
type: DailyNote
title: March 6, 2024
date: '2024-03-06'
tags: []
---

- Misc

    - [[../Pages/Mentorcruise]]

        Hi Anika,

        It’s great to hear from you, and I’m impressed by your dedication to pursuing a career in Product Management. Your initiative in securing internships and seeking to improve your skills is commendable.

        Given your situation, choosing between Amazon and Dun & Bradstreet presents a unique opportunity to reflect on your long-term career goals. While Amazon is renowned and offers valuable experience, a role more aligned with PM, like the one at Dun & Bradstreet, might provide more relevant skills for your APM aspirations. It's crucial to consider where you can learn the most about PM processes, stakeholder management, and product lifecycle.

        For your interviews, focusing on mock interviews and tailoring your resume with PM-related keywords are excellent strategies. These practices not only sharpen your interviewing skills but also ensure your resume stands out. I’d be happy to conduct mock interviews with you, focusing on common PM interview questions, scenario-based discussions, and feedback on your presentation skills.

        Regarding the timing for applying to full-time APM roles, it’s generally advisable to start looking at job postings and company recruitment cycles at least a year before graduation. Many companies start their recruitment processes early, and being prepared can give you a significant advantage.

        The Lite mentorship plan can be tailored to focus on these areas: enhancing your interview skills, optimizing your resume, and strategizing your application process for APM roles. We can discuss further how to customize this plan to best support your goals.

        I’m here to help you navigate this journey, offering guidance and support as you make these important decisions for your future.

        Best regards,
        Nikhil

- Meeting on [[../Pages/Shops Ads]] w [[../Pages/Cagri Merdan]] 

- 1-1 w [[../Pages/Alex Kolchinski]]

    - Intro

    - What I'm looking for

        - Reconnecting as a friend

        - Person to brainstorm ideas with

        - Potential collaborator on side projects

    - Frameworks for finding ideas

        - Look for disruptive technologies vs. sustaining innovations; 

        - Sub-niches that aren't served by incumbents

        - Unserved needs where there is no incumbent

        - Build technical + non-technical moat; nontech moat becomes more important

    - Transition from big tech to startup

        - Side projects - only if you make it a proper business with revenue

        - Go work at a startup

