---
type: DailyNote
title: April 16, 2024
date: '2024-04-16'
tags: []
---

- Misc

    - Aligned initial version of strategy and key technical directions for data (new content and sequence data), feature (new content features and event based user sequence features), and modeling (LLM fine tuning, tokenization, JEPA) for exploration in 2024.

    - 

- 1-1 w [[../Pages/Steven Kannan]]

    - SAIL strategy

    - SEAR strategy

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Kash Patel]]

    - PTO next week - anything to wrap before?

    - Decisions list

    - Follow-ups - DS, privacy, etc.

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Zonggen]]

    - PTO next week - anything to wrap before?

    - Zonggen allocation

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Maxime Boucher]]

    - PTO next week - anything to wrap before?

    - Empirical DP set up

        - Maxime looked at literature and wants to align with Ilya + Luca before Ananth

        - Do we need separate tests for feature vs. label?

        - Maxime will get initial POV this week

    - 

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Prateek Sharma]]

    - PTO next week - anything to wrap before?

    - See agenda doc

        - 1PD summit

        - 1PD tracker

        - SAIL

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Sagar Pilania]]

    - Sagar's focus

        - 60% focus on VO adoption

            - Our product is broken; SL mitigations weren't shipped

            - Feature gaps - only purchase event is supported, need to support other events like add to cart, etc.; doesn't have view thru, etc.

            - How can CoreML help?

                - SG side Lin is working on audit

                - Non-SG Ellie Wen model consolidation POC working on advanced ML

        - 20% Basic Ads

    - Career development plan and goals

        - PSML seems like a good portfolio to have

        - After IC6 promo, consider dropping PPML or SAIL

- 1-1 [[../Pages/Marvin Kim]]

    - Career development check-in

    - Working with Kash is super disruptive - he keeps needing to be aligned

    - SEAR - me vs. Waqas?

    - PTO next week - anything to wrap before?

    - 

