---
type: DailyNote
title: March 16, 2024
date: '2024-03-16'
tags: []
---

- [[../Pages/Mentorcruise]] mock interview w [[../Pages/Sanjay Sreekumar]]

    - Set-up

        - Are you okay to record this meeting? You can refer back to it for your own learning, and I won't share it with anyone else.

        - Anything you want to discuss before we jump into the mock?

            - Datadog onsite on Monday

            - Then more onsites with startups coming

    - Mock interview

        - Intro

            - Good intro; very crisp and clear about current role and responsibilities at C3AI and background in cloud infra and AI/ML and SWE

            - Loved that the answer was brief and you followed up with an offer to deep dive - keep it up!

            - Interest in Datadog - only weak point; could have a stronger case

        - Favorite AI products

            - ChatGPT, Arize Phoenix, Onnyx - good choice of products with a mix of consumer and enterprise! 

        - Deep dive - Arize AI Phoenix

            - What is Phoenix?

                - Good job showcasing your knowledge of RAG applications, their pain points in production and the value of tools like Phoenix

            - System design for Phoenix

                - You provided an overview or RAG applications and described the value proposition, but did not describe the system design of Phoenix.

                - System design for phoenix would involve an SDK that captures data from the queries, then runs some computation on those queries, and then renders the results in a UI; your answer was focused on the RAG application design rather than the Phoenix design

        - AI product ideas - Good list of product ideas!

            - Developer documentation - convert common documentation to Q&A format

            - Geospatial data - index unstructured images for Q&A

            - Legal data - law firms with large corpus of legal data for Q&A format

        - Deep dive - legal RAG

            - System design here was much better! You had a proper flow chart (which you didn't have for the Phoenix question).

            - You needed some prompting, but eventually the system design you produced was good.

        - Overall

            - You have a strong understanding of system design - especially in the context of LLM and RAG applications, which is great! But you seem unfamiliar with the standard ways of communicating this. Please familiarize yourself with standard system design diagrams - try exponent.io

            - Consider using diagrams or flow charts; it's difficult to communicate system design using a text doc

- 

