- MDS review w [[Fred Leach]] [[Chinmay Karande]] [[Charlotte Navarez]] [[../Imports/capacities_workspace-2024-06-06/Pages/Kash Patel]] etc.
	- Charlotte: can we rephrase "discoverability risk" in a way that ties back to user perception? And can we come up with some way to measure it?
		- Develop measurement and experimentation plan to measure perception risk before roll-out
		- Follow up with Charlotte and Chinmay on this
	- Chinmay: why are we treating attributed data differently?
		- PXFN: Volume if data is much higher for unattributed, which significantly increases our burden of explainability; this may "open the floodgates"
		- Stephanie: "E.g. I'm seeing these ads about a specific health condition that looks highly targeted and it is not explainable"; volume of these cases is likely to go up significantly.
		- Chinmay: we follow the same policies for attributed + unattributed; volume of unattributed data will lead to new edge cases; but be careful on roll-out with experimentation to ensure no significant differences.
		- Follow-up: address this via Charlotte's experimentation plan
	- Targeting
		- Targeting has significant incremental risk, and is currently out of scope. 
		- But even there the significant distinction is not attributed vs. unattributed.
	- 
- Test: Convert wikilinks to markdown links
	- E.g. using wikilinks to markdown links obsidian plugin: 
		- Same dir: Wiki: [[Apple WWDC 2024]] | MD: [Apple WWDC 2024](Apple%20WWDC%202024.md)
		- Different dir: Wikilink:  [[2024-06-18]] | MDlink: [2024-06-18](2024-06-18.md)
		- Different dir with dir in link: Wikilink: [[../test2/nm-test-01-02]] | MD: [nm-test-01-02](../test2/nm-test-01-02.md)
		- Relative path: Wiki [[Apple WWDC 2024]] | MD: [Apple WWDC 2024](Apple%20WWDC%202024.md)
		- MD direct: [Apple WWDC 2024](Apple%20WWDC%202024.md)
		- MD direct: [nm-test-01-02](../test2/nm-test-01-02.md)
		- Alias: [Obsidian app workflow](../notes/Obsidian%20workflow.md)
- 1-1 [[../Imports/capacities_workspace-2024-06-06/Pages/Phil Kim|Phil Kim]]
	- Tell me about yourself
		- 3m45s
		- Where I am and how I got into PM
		- Graduating college to now
			- Joined startup
			- Samsung - BA role
			- PM role building out automation
			- Investment research - EY
		- Outside work
		- Next role
		- Feedback
			- Got into PM by accident
			- Transitions - explain better
	- Tell me about a project that you led
		- Situation
			- Worked outside EY - where?
			- What's the problem you were solving and who you were solving for?
		- Action
			- Research: user interviews; transitioning job; prioritized cover letter automation
			- Building: prioritized key features: editing with AI, rating by AI, chatbot mentor
			- Challenge: timing and prioritization - editing and rating
			- Launch: 
		- Result
			- NPS score increased
	- Tell me about a time when you failed?
		- Situation
			- Doc gen tool for legal docs
			- Risk of budget cut and pausing project
			- Had to persuade management team
		- Action
			- Pulled data and showed increase in productivity
		- Result
			- Was able to persuade them to continue funding
			- 
- 1-1-1 [[../Imports/capacities_workspace-2024-06-06/Pages/Zonggen|Zonggen]] [[Shashank Shivkumar]]
	- Capacity issues
		- Capacity blocker is the main issue right now; our goal will be delayed; less impact to teacher model path; more impact to upstream model path; 
		- Upstream model for embedding features has higher capacity ask >20 kw and needs high level approval
		- Central capacity office hours
- 1-1 w [[Jay Agrawal]] on [[Art and Science of AI]]
	- Philosophical insights / analysis is a good differentiation 
	- Making statements like "AI is eating the world" and backing that up with experience and perspective
	- Be really pointed with assertions
	- Podcast date
		- June 28 or July 5
		- G

## Misc
Chapter 1

The  Bālakāṇḍa

Sarga 1

[1–5] Vālmīki, the ascetic, questioned the eloquent Nārada, bull among sages, always devoted to asceticism and study of the sacred texts. “Is there a man in the world today who is truly virtuous? Who is there who is mighty and yet knows both what is right and how to act upon it? Who always speaks the truth and holds firmly to his vows? Who exemplifies proper conduct and is benevolent to all creatures? Who is learned, capable, and a pleasure to behold? Who is self-controlled, having subdued his anger? Who is both judicious and free from envy? Who, when his fury is aroused in battle, is feared even by the gods? This is what I want to hear, for my desire to know is very strong. Great seer, you must know of such a man.”

[6–11] When Nārada, who was familiar with all the three worlds, heard Vālmīki’s words, he was delighted. “Listen,” he replied and spoke these words: “The many virtues you have named are hard to find. Let me think a moment, sage, before I speak. Hear now of a man who has them all. His name is Rāma and he was born in the House of Ikṣvāku. All men know of him, for he is self-controlled, mighty, radiant, steadfast, and masterful. He is wise and grounded in proper conduct. Eloquent and majestic, he annihilates his enemies. His shoulders are broad and his arms mighty. His neck is like a conch shell and his jaws are powerful. His chest is vast, and a subduer of his enemies, he wields a huge bow. His collarbone is set deep in muscle, his arms reach down to his knees, and his head is finely made. His brow is noble and his gait full of grace. His proportions are perfect and his limbs well formed and symmetrical. Dark is his complexion and he is valorous. His chest is fully fleshed; he has large eyes. He is splendid and marked with all auspicious signs.

[12–15] “He knows the ways of righteousness and is always true to his word. The welfare of his subjects is his constant concern. He is renowned, learned, pure, disciplined, and contemplative. He is the protector of all living things and the guardian of righteousness. Versed in the essence of the vedas and their ancillary sciences, he is expert in the science of arms. He is versed in the essence of every śāstra, learned in traditional lore, and highly intelligent. All the people love him, for he is good, cheerful, and clever. He is the constant resort of good men, as is the ocean of rivers. For he is noble and equable in all circumstances and always a pleasure to behold.

[16–24] “The delight of his mother, Kausalyā, he is gifted with every virtue. For he is as deep as the ocean and as unyielding as the Himalayas. He is as mighty as Viṣṇu, but as pleasant to behold as the moon. In his wrath he resembles the fire at the end of time, yet he rivals the earth in forbearance. In charity he is the equal of Kubera, giver of wealth, and in truthfulness like a second Dharma, the god of righteousness. Moved by affection for him, Daśaratha, lord of the earth, wished to appoint this Rāma, his beloved eldest son, as prince regent. For he was truly valorous, possessed all these virtues, and was gifted with other excellent virtues. Seeing the preparations for the consecration, the king’s wife, Queen Kaikeyī, who had long before been granted a boon, now asked for it. She demanded that Rāma be exiled and that Bharata be consecrated in his place. Because he was a man true to his word, King Daśaratha was caught in the snare of his own righteousness and had to exile his dear son Rāma. Keeping the promise, the hero entered the forest, because of the command implicit in a father’s word and in order to please Kaikeyī. Out of love for him, his beloved and obedient brother Lakṣmaṇa, the delight of Sumitrā, followed him as he set forth. And his wife, Sītā, the best of women, possessed of every grace, followed Rāma as Rohiṇī does the hare-marked moon.

[25–27] “He was followed far on his way by his father, Daśaratha, and the people of the city. But at the town of Śṛn̄gavera on the banks of the Ganges he dismissed his charioteer. Wandering from wood to wood, they crossed great rivers until, on the instructions of Bharadvāja, they came to Mount Citrakūṭa. There the three of them built a pleasant dwelling. Delighting in the forest and resembling celestial gandharvas, they lived there happily.

[28–32] “When Rāma had gone to Mount Citrakūṭa, King Daśaratha was stricken with grief for his son and loudly lamenting him, went to heaven. After he died, the brahmans, led by Vasiṣṭha, urged Bharata to become king, but that mighty man did not desire kingship. Instead, the hero went to the forest to beg for grace at Rāma’s feet. But Bharata’s elder brother only gave his sandals as a token of his sovereignty and repeatedly urged Bharata to return. Unable to accomplish his desire, Bharata touched Rāma’s feet and ruled the kingdom from the village of Nandigrāma in expectation of Rāma’s return. But Rāma, seeing that the people of the city had come there, entered the Daṇḍaka forest with single-minded resolution.

[33–38] “He killed the rākṣasa Virādha and met Śarabhan̄ga, Sutīkṣṇa, Agastya, and Agastya’s brother. On the advice of Agastya, and with the greatest pleasure, he accepted Indra’s bow as well as a sword and two quivers, whose arrows were inexhaustible. While Rāma was living in the forest with the woodland creatures, all the seers came to see him about killing the asuras and rākṣasas. While dwelling there, he disfigured the rākṣasa woman Śūrpaṇakhā, who lived in Janasthāna and could take any form at will. Then Rāma slew in battle all the rākṣasas who had been sent against him on the strength of Śūrpaṇakhā’s report—Khara, Triśiras, and the rākṣasa Dūṣaṇa, as well as all of their followers. Fourteen thousand rākṣasas were slain.

[39–42] “Then Rāvaṇa, hearing of the slaughter of his kinsmen, went mad with rage and chose a rākṣasa named Mārīca to assist him. Mārīca tried to dissuade Rāvaṇa many times, saying, ‘Rāvaṇa, you would do well not to meddle with this mighty man.’ But Rāvaṇa, who was driven by his fate, paid no heed to Mārīca’s words and went with him to Rāma’s ashram. With the help of that master of illusion, he lured both sons of the king far away. Then, having slain the vulture Jaṭāyus, he carried off Rāma’s wife.

[43–47] “Finding the vulture dying and hearing that Maithilī had been abducted, Rāghava was consumed with grief. Beside himself with grief, he lamented loudly. In sorrow, he cremated the vulture Jaṭāyus. Then, searching the forest for Sītā, he met a rākṣasa named Kabandha, deformed and dreadful to behold. The great-armed man killed and cremated him so that he went to heaven. But Kabandha had first told him, ‘Rāghava, you must go to the ascetic woman Śabarī, for she is cunning in all ways of righteousness and lives accordingly.’ And so, the powerful destroyer of his foes came to Śabarī. Rāma, the son of Daśaratha, was duly honored by Śabarī. Then, on the shores of Lake Pampā, he met the monkey Hanumān.

[48–53] “Acting on Hanumān’s advice, mighty Rāma met Sugrīva and told him all that had happened. Sensing that he had found a friend, the sorrowful king of the monkeys told Rāma the whole story of his feud. And the monkey told him also of Vālin’s might. Rāma vowed to kill Vālin, but Sugrīva remained doubtful of Rāghava’s strength. So, to reassure him, Rāghava kicked the great corpse of Dundubhi ten whole leagues with his big toe. Furthermore, with a single mighty arrow, he pierced seven sāla trees, a hill, and even the underworld Rasātala, thus inspiring confidence. The great monkey was confident, and, his mind at ease, he went with Rāma to the cave Kiṣkindhā.

[54–57] “Then the foremost among the tawny monkeys, Sugrīva, yellow as gold, gave a great roar. At that roar, the lord of the tawny monkeys, Vālin, came forth. Rāghava then killed Vālin in battle at the request of Sugrīva and made Sugrīva king in his place. Eager to find Janaka’s daughter, that bull among monkeys assembled all the monkeys and sent them out in all directions. On the advice of the vulture Saṃpāti, mighty Hanumān leapt over the salt sea, a hundred leagues in breadth.

[58–62] “Reaching the city of Lan̄kā, which was ruled by Rāvaṇa, he saw Sītā brooding in a grove of aśoka trees. He gave her a token of recognition and told her all that had happened. Then, once he had comforted Vaidehī, he smashed the gate. He killed five generals of the army and seven ministers’ sons as well. Then, after crushing the hero Akṣa, he was captured. Knowing that he could free himself from their divine weapon by means of a boon he had received from Grandfather Brahmā, the hero suffered the rākṣasas to bind him as they would. The great monkey then burned the city of Lan̄kā, sparing Sītā Maithilī, and returned to tell the good news to Rāma.

[63–66] “Approaching great Rāma, the immeasurable monkey walked reverently around him and told him just what had happened, saying, ‘I have found Sītā.’ Rāma then went with Sugrīva to the seashore, where he made the ocean tremble with arrows blazing like the sun. The ocean, lord of rivers, revealed himself, and, following the ocean’s advice, Rāma had Nala build a bridge. By this means he went to the city of Lan̄kā, and, having killed Rāvaṇa in battle, he consecrated Vibhīṣaṇa as lord of the rākṣasas in Lan̄kā.

[67–70] “The three worlds, including all that moves and is fixed, and the hosts of gods and seers were delighted by that mighty feat of great Rāma. All the gods were thoroughly delighted and worshiped Rāma. Having accomplished what he had to do, he was freed from anxiety and rejoiced. He received boons from the gods and revived the fallen monkeys. Then, mounting the flying palace Puṣpaka, he went to Nandigrāma. In Nandigrāma the blameless man and his brothers put off the knotted hair of ascetics. Thus did Rāma regain Sītā and recover his kingdom.

[71–76] “His people are pleased and joyful, contented, well fed, and righteous. They are also free from physical and mental afflictions and from the danger of famine. Nowhere in his realm do men experience the death of a son. Women are never widowed and remain always faithful to their husbands. Just as in the Kṛta Yuga, there is no danger whatever of fire or wind, and no creatures are lost in floods. He performs hundreds of aśvamedhas involving vast quantities of gold. And in accordance with custom, he donates tens and hundreds of millions of cows to the learned. Rāghava is establishing hundreds of royal lines and has set the four social classes each to its own work in the world. When he has ruled the kingdom for eleven thousand years, Rāma will go to the Brahmaloka.

[77–79] “Whoever reads this history of Rāma, which is purifying, destructive of sin, holy, and the equal of the vedas, is freed from all sins. A man who reads this Rāmāyaṇa story, which leads to long life, will, after death, rejoice in heaven together with his sons, grandsons, and attendants. A brahman who reads it becomes eloquent, a kshatriya becomes a lord of the earth, a vaiśya acquires profit from his goods, and even a śūdra achieves greatness.”