# Misc
## [[Reverse shadow bottleneck]] w/ [[Yoav Arnstein]]
TO: Mary Takeyama, Carolan York and Karen Do
CC: Yoav
SUB: Unblocking PM interview training (reverse shadow bottleneck)

Hi NAMES,

Hope you're doing well! Yoav and I would like to work with you on unblocking PM interview training, which is currently bottlenecked at the reverse shadow stage. Could you please take a look at this brief [problem statement doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10kzTDBFniBsCTBcgvRI4WLUV8pqYRWj7_tjYsYHrnoo/edit) (also copied below) and let us know the best way to work together on this? I'd love to set up a meeting to discuss further. Thank you!

## 1-1 w [[../Imports/capacities_workspace-2024-06-06/Pages/Kamila Wickramarachchi|Kamila Wickramarachchi]]
- GenAI app
- Ongoing side-project learning goals
- Kamila's goals
	- Wanted to help out and learn more about AI
	- Saw use cases for my project in his team
- Kamila project idea
	- RAG for build speed documentation
		- They work with AI/ML eng to improve their tooling
		- Biggest issue is build speed improvement
	- RAG for onboarding documentation

## [[../Imports/capacities_workspace-2024-06-06/Pages/Focusmate|Focusmate]] session
Goals
- Process inboxes and prioritize task list
- Work on prioritized tasks

Marvin msg
Moved to Thursday 9am PT / 5pm LON. You have a tentative conflict with "1PD anon intensive week: wrap-up". I can move it to a different slot on Thursday if you prefer but you have a lot of conflicts on your cal.



## Focusmate session 15:00
- Processing email inbox and replying to Paypal interviews; updated resume

## 1-1 w [[Snow Jiang]]
- Intros - about Snow
	- Educational background in nutrition / dietician in Australia; inspired by technology and robotics - Sophia; decided to pivot to tech in 2021
	- Always interested in startups; decided to learn CS; MCIT 2021 - 2024
	- Working in fintech startup as tech support engineer
	- Focus on startup building now; has idea, but is flexible wrt co-founder; based in China
- Not sure how I feel about her
	- Seems to be over-indexed on "by the book" method of doing this - like following YC methodology
- Her idea - Linkedin for artists and creators

## 1-1 w [[Aaron dsouza]] mock interview [[Netflix Podcasts PM]]
Chit chat
- Aaron going to Hawaii next week 
- Advika H4 got approved, will get EAD soon

Mock interview: Netflix Podcasts
- Product rationale
	- + Stakeholders: listeners, creators, advertisers, tool providers
	- +/- Narrowed down to listeners and creators - but why? 
		- TERMINOLOGY: creators and consumers
	- + Why is Netflix doing this? Gaining new audience, new forms
	- - Didn't discuss competitive landscape
	- + Provided mission statement: helps listeners find new tailored content and helps publishers reach new audience
- Goal setting
	- + Clear goals
		- Listeners identify more publishers 
		- Listeners become creators (WHY?)
		- More people to come to Netflix
	- - Did not tie to mission
	- +/- Prioritized goals with hand-wavy framework
		- Adoption: Number of users listening
		- Retention: Number of publishers that a user listens to.
- Measuring and monitoring
	- +/- Introduced adoption, engagement, retention framework
	- + Comprehensive set of metrics
	- - Did not tie back to mission and goals
	- + Cannibalization
- Trade-offs




## End